Like `analysis2` but doesn't return excluded line numbers.
Store keyword args to be written to output file.
Parses ecdsa-sha public keys.
Strip all labels, which are never referenced.
Generate the project dictionary.
Returns the Groupsio argument parser.
Parse the MozillaClub spreadsheet feed cells json.
sets all empty fields for which a default value is defined to default value
Add file to be stored as result artifact on post-process phase
Deletes this record set.
Use schema_editor to apply any forward changes.
Find the path to something inside this directory.
Print header information and other derived information.
Drops a UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys.
Returns the fragment in a dictionary representation.
Please don't do this in production environments.
Groups execution steps by solid, in topological order of the solids.
Write the params to file that surftool_Free needs to generate the surface facets
Base function to validate input, dispatched via message type.
Delete the vacation with name vacation
Retrieve S3 access keys from the command line, or None if not present.
Returns a description of the trait.
In the IOU fungible the supply is set by Issuer, who issue funds.
Is ``candidate`` an exact match or sub-type of ``pattern``?
Get the list of tasks
Start scheduling jobs.
Resolves expressions inside the dictionary.
Recursively returns all atoms in nested lists and tuples.
Comand line interface of picklemerge.
Wrapper function that first configures logging and starts a single run afterwards.
Parse the Git log stream.
Search archives using filters.
Return the canonical directory of the module or file `morf`.
return CRC calc value from raw serial data
Deletes a child at a specified index from the object's children.
Formats timestamp to human readable format
required method to auto register this checker
Returns a given table for the given user.
Serve a JSON representation of events
Record a stream of event records to json
Computes `rank` given a `Tensor`'s `shape`.
Sorts a list of entries by the given attribute.
Routine which gets run if we were invoked directly
convert a series of simple words into some HTML text
Return an error dict for self.args and kwargs.
Saves a value to session.
Use a blocking stdin read
Returns urls needed to include all assets of asset_type
Read blob from a selection.
Create a meaningful route name.
Perform connection state processing.
Creates a custom setup.py command.
Handler for del command
Network block for VGG.
Calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string
We work out all combinations using this internal recursion method
Compile source to executable with likwid capabilities and return the executable name.
Generic preset function, marks a parameter or config for presetting.
Return a client with same settings of the batch client
helper to aggregate codes by mask
Walk the AST to collect block level options line numbers.
Calls `fn` and computes the gradient of the result wrt `args_list`.
builds a list of input files from command-line arguments
Restore an original login session, checking the signed session
Pad sequences to given length in the left or right side.
Register a new user account.
Get slabs info.
Load from json-encodable
Get emojis from pagination
Helper to infer batch_shape and event_shape.
Print 'msg' to stdout, and option 'log' at info level.
Run the poll loop. This method never returns.
Handles adding a Node to the graph.
Returns a DataFrame of per-100-possession stats.
Tells you if you have an old version of ndio.
Starts listening to the queue.
Display help messages for the given message identifiers
Creates and returns a new SAGA session
"Get the max date in unixtime format from reviews.
Unregister an engine that explicitly requested to leave.
Wrap text to terminal width with default indentation
Overridden to handle rich data types, like SVG.
Draws the Bezier component
Choose k random elements of array.
Alternative naming, you can use `node.func.name` instead of `node.f_func`
launch the visit starting from the given node
Adobe output string for defining colors
Returns a list of patches before patch from the patches list
Main entry to handle commands. Dispatch to individual command handler.
Return a tuple with the process' RSS and VMS size.
Save an existing notebook object by notebook_id.
The following update labels about mouse coordinates.
The representation of the Node in Newick format.
find the SHA256 hash string of a file
Does this compiler support OpenMP parallelization?
Parse the "as var" syntax.
The text representation of the start tag for a tag.
Transform a QuantumChannel to the PTM representation.
Recursively apply config's variables values to its property
Add an in memory array as a column.
stupidly print an iterable of iterables in TSV format
Configure Flask extensions.
Builds the class definition of the parser.
Returns the number of characters at the beginning of text that are whitespace.
Display the Scout dashboard.
Prepares a filename to be passed to the player.
Return list of sections including students for the passed sis ID.
Return an InstallationCandidate or None
Return the conjugate of the QuantumChannel.
Removes empty segments if needed.
Run the application and conserve the traceback frames.
Return the correspond math mode latex string.
Create CodeGovProject object from github3 Repository object
Decorator to append default kwargs to a function.
Interact with cases existing in the database.
Get CQT bin frequencies
Returns the nth next sequence of coll.
Sets up the timeout for the request.
Sends the headers of request.
Create a Sequence from Iterable s.
Get the data type for *value*.
Add it to the Set
Start the watcher, registering new watches if any.
Compute the hamming distance between two images
Build a workflow definition from the cloud_harness task.
Sort here works by sorting by timestamp by default
Return the index of a string of 0s and 1s.
Build a zero-dimensional MVNDiag object.
Stop the simple WSGI server running the appliation.
Launch DagFileProcessorManager processor and start DAG parsing loop in manager.
Return a textual description of the segment.
Example of printing the inbox.
Hard-code the styles into the SVG XML if style sheets are not used.
Check if not redefining property on obj
Create a tree.Rule
Evaluate a rule by name.
Convert to a python 'data frame'.
Makes a node set from an element set.
Convert an AST sepcial handling to python source code.
Start interaction with the model described in corresponding configuration file.
Encode and store a SUBACK control packet.
Decorator for multi to remove nodes for original test functions from root node
get RtlNetlist context from signals
Change the value of the given key in the given file to the given value
Render the widget.
Get recids matching query and with changes.
Return an Fmt representation for pretty-printing
Display a list of SNV variants.
Reset auth_attempted on redirects.
Call the function with an encrypted PEM and a passphrase callback.
Interrupt a kernel.
Return the primary drive channel of this qubit.
Return data points that are most similar to basis vectors W
Increment a counter.
Create a new section cell with a given integer level.
Return the transpose of the QuantumChannel.
Convert an .egg-info directory into a .dist-info directory
check method arguments, overriding
Set the key wrapping data attributes using a dictionary.
Request a case to be rerun.
Returns the one-based index of the current text node.
The approximate transit duration for the general case of an eccentric orbit
Prints a report around DagBag loading stats
Attempts to load plugins from a list of directories.
create a diagram object
decorator to assert an object has an attribute when run.
Find out BAI file by extension given the BAM file.
Delete the bucket.
Configure handling of command line arguments.
Computes the labels using the bounds.
sync relevant results from self.client to our results attribute.
Return the corresponding OPENQASM string.
Reset graphics attributs to their default values.
Transform Choi to SuperOp representation.
push an image to Singularity Registry
Make an API call to get the metric definition
Setup via Flask.
Set the current row, and emit the signal signal_pick.
recursive function doing the real work for get_cycles
Check whether pid exists in the current process table.
reads the compressed point record
Shortcut to do range filters on genomic datasets.
Shows autocomplete results for a given token.
Get action definitions to dump.
Add a gene panel to the database.
terminate all the instances given by its ids
Implementation of Dataset.to_arrow_table
Call API in PythonBigDL
Runs the post-proc script.
Establish a connection to druid broker.
Loads the content of the text file
Generic redirect for item editor.
Resolve ports of discovered memories
Convert a trie to a regex pattern.
Print a detailed summary of the explored models.
Infer type on block is to type each of is sub-element
generate the data objects for every task
Update default panels for a case.
Returns the number of slots open at the moment
Checks whether the convergence criteria have been met.
Trim a PIL image and remove white space.
Set the backend options for all experiments in a qobj
Creates a generator that does all the work.
path is a mul of coord or a coord
Load's config then runs Django's execute_from_command_line
Process an if node.
Assert that Tensor x has expected number of dimensions.
Awaits for Google Cloud Dataproc Operation to complete.
Return a day as a table cell.
Returns a Pattern that matches exactly n repetitions of Pattern p.
Restores the starting position.
Create Django form processing class-based view from injector class.
Sends a message to the instance's logger, if configured.
Select the best remaining hardware qubit for the next program qubit.
Retrieve all current endpoints for the connected user.
Disconnect internal signals so unit can be reused by parent unit
Add a directive in the sequence
Move the token by `drow` rows and `dcol` columns.
Clean up database hook after it was used.
Calculates the plastic data
Define a convnet model in Keras 1.2.2
Checks if the new span fits in the max payload size.
Creates a symbol mapping
Check if number or constant is power of two
Terminate connection with Guacamole guacd server.
Returns the number of extra bytes
Special case. Return self.
Override if you don't define value0 and extraTable
Return a port to use to talk to this cluster.
Export all genes from a build
Run as sample test server.
Example program integrating an IVP problem of van der Pol oscillator
Change of basis of bipartite matrix represenation.
Returns whether text can be pasted from the clipboard.
Extracts indentation information for a continued indent.
Compare two DataFrames and report their difference, use with care for large DataFrames
Stream *large* static files with special requirements.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Read the file and parse JSON into dictionary
Stop the profiler.
Gather information from common gene information.
Return top forty words from each topic in trained topic model.
Make request parameters right.
Checks if the string value ends with another string.
Set the relative tolerence parameter for float comparisons.
Completer function for cd, which only returns directories.
attaches the the merger cost to each branch length interpolator in the tree.
Add controls to all instructions.
calculates unit of time to display
Creates a TFS TFVC Client to pull TFVC repo info
Delete all DB records related to the specified Dag.
PDF Information object.
Download a pdf report for a case
Generate controller, include the controller file, template & css & js directories.
append a file to search for similarities
Read and decodes JSON response.
Recursively converts dictionary keys to strings.
List the SQL databases defined on the specified server name
Get a row separator for row *num*.
The current position of the cursor.
Provides curses scroll functionality.
Remove all of the non-descendants operation nodes of node.
Read the last status in `directory`.
Function to execute and handle a GET request
write data to interface
Get BibDocs for Invenio 2.
Return True if the variable matches this type, and False otherwise.
Constructs function encapsulated in the graph.
Loads a tab-delimited file into a database table
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Exports the mesh to the INP format.
Creates a new price record
Callback Receiving messages from publisher
get all name hierarchy separated by '.'
Set the new password for the user.
Display a short summary of the metrics.
Decorator to verify arguments and return types.
Parse a int in parameter list
Creates a new database in CosmosDB.
Extract "keywords" from an input document.
Build transition noise distribution for a ConstrainedSeasonalSSM.
The url on jupyter nbviewer for this notebook or None if unknown
Heuristic to decide whether an AST Call is a logging call.
Main precompiled function that loopes over the hits and clusters them
Run multiple commmands in a row, exiting if one fails.
Return a keyword from the input stream.
This is a temporary patch pending a fix in uAMQP.
Returns login and password stored in `secret.txt`.
Get list of 2-qubit gates. Ignore snapshot, barriers, and the like.
Build a file path from *paths* and return the contents.
Return if more data available for *index*.
Delta step for event dependent processes
Score function to calculate score
Writes the user emails to file.
Count the mapped two-qubit gates, less the number of added SWAPs.
Use parse_version from pkg_resources or distutils as available.
Set the value of the dynamic variable `*ns*` in the current thread.
Get the last beat from the cumulative score array
Display one case.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
return url path to next page of paginated data
Shuts down the thread.
Download all verified variants for user's cases
Add specific command line arguments for this command
Sweeps parameters across the specified algorithm.
Returns a generator of the tokens.
Downloads Dailymotion videos by URL.
Validate request params.
Test if an array is a symmetrix matrix
Ensures that string prices are converted into Price objects.
Find nodes in rhs which have parents in lhs.
add the variable to the config
get a listing of collections that the user has access to.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Show all indexes in the database
Get information about given keyword. Defaults to stage.
Used for unittesting to make sure the plots are all done
Check all file item with given conditions.
Apply all patches up to patch_name
Get width of a string in the current font
Based on the matching strategy and the origin and optionally the requested method a tuple of policyname and origin to pass back is returned.
This function displays an error message when a wrong value is typed.
Yield all 'value' targets, without priority
abort a specifig msg by id
Adjust the log level when log_level is set.
Initialize the database connection.
Record the package `node` imports from
Creates a service from a constructor and checks which kwargs are not used
Decorator to log function calls.
Method to request API tokens from ecobee
Configure the user's environment.
Write PSD of one frequency hop
returns installed package version and None if package is not installed
Get a list of strings as input
Removes a node from the graph.
Add to the XML report for a single file.
Check a module from its astroid representation.
Adds parameters and config from the `.ini` file to the trajectory
Lookup for nearest existing file
Return an object ID for the given meteor_id.
Train the model and return costs.
returns a connected cursor to the database-server.
Chooses a random direction in the event space.
Get metadata information in XML format.
Report analysis outcome in human readable form.
Read and return the contents of the file.
Check counts for proper shape, values, then return tensor version.
Wrap the text on the given line length.
Remove agent's files from remote host
Return list of choices's keys
Stores annotations into an hdf5 file.
Return a list with number of stored cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
Selects even-even nuclei from the table
Returns a list of line numbers that have more than one exit.
Given an iterator of documents, upload them as a Luminoso project.
Command handler for the "metrics" command.
Extracts the session data from cookie.
Spawn greenlets for handling websockets and PostgreSQL calls.
Factory for implementing summary statistics, eg, mean, stddev, mode.
Get key using token from gateway
Compiles this expression into SQL.
Create a new receiver link.
Extract shape of one route.
Return the index of the closest in xarr to value val
Render the axes data into the dict data
Validate that jobs executed after their dependencies.
Scan options related to one command and enrich _opt_cmds.
Convenience function which chooses the condition based on the predicate.
Return all items found in this chunk
Serve the status page of the capture agent.
Read the chunks data
Current line number in source file
Maintains each edge's list of available nodes.
Detect TypeErrors for unary operands.
Generically creates a new group inferring from the `type_name`.
Get reactions of a review comment
Get repo info about stars, watchers and forks
Creates a full mapping from all wildcard translations to the corresponding wildcards
Print kernel information in human readble format.
Prepare samples buffer and start streaming samples from device
Start a new Tracer object, and store it in self.tracers.
Ensure `image_rendition` is added to the global context.
Check if the given node is from a fallback import block.
Translate a Mopidy search query to a Spotify search query
Extracts the wildcards and file replacements from the `trajectory`
Returns True if the netid is in the group, False otherwise.
Copy a single file or a directory by adding a task into queue
Receive NAK in REQUESTING state.
returns class._on_msg_unsafe, use x.im_self to get class
turn any valid targets argument into a list of integer ids
Parse scoped selector.
Send a command string to the amplifier.
Takes list of decoy and target scores and creates error statistics for target values
send via HTTP Post.
Is this the christmas period?
Debug print name and val.
Fetch the merge requests
Convert an astropy.Angle to the ridiculous sigproc angle format string.
Apply the config to a string.
Add widget string to right panel of the screen
Report gathered analysis data in human readable form.
Get Crates.io summary
Save the metadata to the given filename.
Plots CDF and powerlaw
Wrap an existing numpy constructor in a parallelized construction
Start the wx event loop in a consistent manner.
Get activities on an issue
Get version from package resources.
Round float to next multiple of base.
filter `alist' by taking _out_ all glyph names that are in `filter'
Removes a link from disk
Send a GaugeDelta metric to change a Gauge by the specified value
Build and return kernel function declaration
inspect the source file to find messages activated or deactivated by id.
A worker that does actual jobs
Replace {SOA} in template with a set of serialized SOA records
Install our gettext and ngettext functions into Jinja2's environment.
Returns the GitLab argument parser.
Consistent fail so we don't provide attackers with valuable info.
Load stream and tag information from a file.
Main loop, updating the capture agent state.
Implicit MIME type of the asset by its compilers.
Builds the execution plan.
Process each way.
Protocol error occurred.
Updating frequency borders from channel values
Search for time information in the string
Ran when a field is added to a model.
Poll DB socket and process async tasks.
Makes some plots and stores them into subfolders
get title for objects
Handles the Graphviz position attribute changing.
Return a string containing a crash report.
Sends a GCM message with the given content type
The following opens the documentation file.
Clean up after connection failure detected.
Insert list of patches at the front of the curent patches list
Handler for get command
List all available workspaces.
Returns response and number of retries
make messages type report
Returns a unique identifier for a class instantiation.
Handles display of the graph dot traits.
Get the result of 1 or more messages.
Display results in table format
Removes `*args` from the result
List the filepath of the archives stored in dirpath
The other side has asked us to disconnect.
Plot a histogram of data values
Add objects to the directory.
Ran when a field is added to a model.
Returns the distribution's required args.
Convert a UNIX-style path into platform specific directory spec.
Stack encoding layers, this must be done before stacking decoding layers.
Safely send back the given result or exception
Run semaphore tracker.
Add a message to the futures executor.
Pseudo handler placeholder while signal is beind processed
Close the queue, signalling that no more data can be put into the queue.
Renders a standalone page as a response for the specified fragment.
Whether the solid execution was skipped
Returns a non-reference `dtype` based on this `dtype`.
Try to post data to the server.
Let user interactively select block.
Return the items from Launchpad API using pagination
A version of squeeze that works with dynamic axis.
Convenience function to efficiently construct a MultivariateNormalDiag.
Create pyxtuml associations from a linked association in BridgePoint.
Serialize data to an frozen tuple.
All codes that create parameters should be put into 'setup' function.
Update the source_match matcher with latest imported packages.
Returns the jQuery DataTables ThemeRoller CSS file according to version number.
Returns a Pandas DataFrame instance built from the result set.
Read a certain number of bytes from the source file.
Complete an arbitrary expression.
Catch exceptions with a prompt for post-mortem analyzis
Create regex and return. If error occurs returns None.
Load test data fixture.
Tells core to take plugin options and instantiate plugin classes
Applies a Householder rotation to `samples`.
Create a new code cell with input and output
issue a command to read the archive records after a known time stamp.
Start n engines by profile or profile_dir.
Starts running a queue handler and creates a log file for the queue.
Check that information about kernel makes sens and is valid.
Check if we need to switch GitHub API tokens
Check if the given message has the mandatory fields
Calculates remaining time as a string
manage message of different type and in the context of path
Factory function to create a properly initialized task.
Handles a list of nodes being set.
Match internal system aliases
Replace --pylab='inline' with --pylab='auto'
setup a timeout for waiting for a proposal
Reset object attributes when state is INIT.
Utility function to add a single task into task queue
Log in django staff user
Get the items fetched by the jobs.
Check whether this letter contains Jongsung
Finish performing the action.
Return iterator over item handles.
Base pprint for all functions and builtin functions.
Flatten one level of attribute access.
Convert a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to a SuperOp.
Disables interceptors and stops intercepting any outgoing HTTP traffic.
Pretty print an optree, starting at root.
Calculate end position for a variant.
Check if record is deleted.
Sets Streamlink plugin options.
Return the most desirable of the currently registered GUIs
Parse numeric fields.
select_lasso and select almost share the same code
Refer all the Vars in the other namespace.
Setup scout instances.
Download remote .tar.bz file.
Translate S3 errors to FSErrors.
the partial self.class_name will be used to find actual TestCase classes
Transform Stinespring representation to Choi representation.
Obtain peaks from a novelty curve using an adaptive threshold.
Checks to see if Spark worker and HDFS datanode are still running.
n-qubit input state for QFT that produces output 1.
parse the xml and fill all the data into a class of return_type
Decorator function which can be used to make Python multi functions.
Display a specific structural variant.
You could set the name after construction
Frees the memory used by all of the dynamically allocated C arrays.
Load multiqc report for the case.
Transform SVG file to PNG file
Clears all XCom data from the database for the task instance
Add classical control on register classical and value val.
Fetch the value from the table and prepare the edit control
Generate a Python AST node for Python interop property access.
Removes all components from the canvas
Set the backend options for all experiments in a qobj
Roll up stats and log them.
Return iterator over item handles.
Log the beginning of an API request.
Returns all available volumes
Register interface in implementation phase
Documents values in markdown
Serialize and send available measures of a metric.
Checks for bad headers i.e. newlines in subject, sender or recipients.
Return a Numpy.array for the U3 gate.
Return the transpose of the QuantumChannel.
Returns list of assertions related to `lu_reconstruct` assumptions.
return True if okay, raise Exception if not
Load the hgnc aliases to the mongo database.
Ensures that certain subfolders of AIRFLOW_HOME are on the classpath
Creates a zeldovich DataFrame.
Wait for ssh service to appear on given hosts
Dump the oauth2server Client.
Delete all genes in the database
Display this help message.
Revoke the token and remove the cookie.
Print the entire template context
Read stepper info from json
Change the default configuration.
Reuses the same db session
Converts a list-like to string with given line width.
Returns a connection object
write ImageFrame as parquet file
Set the axis scaling
increments the branches counter
Update disease terms in mongo database.
Convenience method for getting
Updates the total.csv file with current data.
Creates and connects the underlying paging widget.
Constructs the middle line of the element
Start a cluster for a given profile.
Get a string version of `block_stack`, for debugging.
Update the current Operator by apply an instruction.
Check if is register or wire
Actual closing code, both from manual close and errors.
Create a new Set produce by the intersection of 2 Set
Produce a plain-text representation of the table.
Sets client certificate for the request.
Create connection for the request.
Grab all issues matching a github query
The python source of the parser generated from the input source.
Migrate case information from archive.
Return the numpy dtype for the given expression, if not a column, the first row will be evaluated to get the dtype.
parses requirements from requirements.txt
initialize the provider using default values
Attempts to show the specified tip at the current cursor location.
Load plugins in nose.plugins.builtin
Transform a QuantumChannel to the Choi representation.
getter for Parser outputs
a "show all" search that doesn't require a query
Return the average log-likelihood of data under a standard normal
Load file object.
Return the corresponding OPENQASM string.
Parses XML from a response.
When consumer confirm the authorization.
Add delivery report to an existing case.
Call back function to be implemented by the CLI.
Fetches the securities that match the given filters
Runs HTTP GET request to retrieve a single dataset.
Finds all dictionary words in d-window from word
Convert an abstract syntax operator tree to python source code.
Returns a dataframe containing volume and centroids of all the elements.
Get all restrictions for a given collection, users and fireroles.
Print the rendered string to the stdout.
Returns the scaled x positions of the points as doubles
Cast signed-unsigned, to int or bool
Write outgoing message.
Return record `n` as 1,024 bytes; records are indexed from 1.
Cycles through notifications with latest results from data feeds.
Get a list of documents from an existing collection in the CosmosDB database via SQL query.
Returns a list of binary mask matrices enforcing autoregressivity.
Print innards of model, without regards to type.
Save the current index under the given name.
Consume whitespace characters.
Convert negative int to positive int which has same bits set
Perform the actual fuzzing using random strategies
Add a repeater to the previous sequence
Saves the specified file to the configured S3 bucket.
Parse lines of text for functions and classes
Perform the actual external fuzzing, you may replace this method in order to increase performance
Recursively statistically evaluate result of this operator
Process dict arguments.
Save the model and commit all child relations.
Creates `dist_fn`, `dist_fn_wrapped`, `dist_fn_args`, `dist_fn_name`.
Return a cosmos db client.
Scoring the similarity of two words.
Return string representing the name of this type.
Parse filename using the grammar
Cut off drivers from statements
Return all tags with the given name.
Register HTTP error pages.
Sets a value in config
Converts a string to a valid filename.
Helper method that calls all callbacks registered for the given action.
Finds all directives with a certain name, or that passes a predicate.
Checks existence of the model file, loads the model if the file exists
Verify each expression in a list.
Builds a query for both included & excluded terms in a text search.
Print a log message to standard error.
Gets the desired dataset file.
Sends the markdown of the metric definitions to standard out
ACMG classification form.
Retrieves a previously stored client provided RSA key.
Formats the file size into a human readable format.
Detect when a "bad" built-in is referenced.
Returns a class object with the name given as a string.
basic support for evaluate at server, at least to run some unittest, do not expect this to work from strings
Fetch all events by a specific user.
grammar = {comment} , rule , {comment | rule} ;
get will use requests to get a particular url
load the secrets credentials file with the Globus OAuthTokenResponse
Check that j is a valid index into self.
Unregister a transformer instance.
Instances of IPyAutocall in user_ns get autocalled immediately
Score function to calculate score
Check if hdl process has event depenency on signal
Add all wires in a quantum register.
Register a new engine, and update our connection info.
Run code or file specified at the command-line
benjamini hocheberg fdr correction. inspired by statsmodels
Return endpoints, grouped by the class which handles them.
parse the xml and fill all the data into a class of return_type
Filter the dict *d* to remove keys not in *keys*.
Retrieve a Set of all signature by symbol name
Apply the criteria to filter out on the metrics required
Delete the exons collection
check if we need graphviz for different output format
Helper function to get files in a single directory
Raise exception if clbit is not in this circuit or bad format.
Print the informations from installed distributions found.
Writes all traffic data to file in JSON form.
Map the price entity
Save analysis.lalog in specified location
Check if spark version is below 2.2
Remove any existing DAG runs for the perf test DAGs.
This method will be called to set Series data
Create a new institute and add it to the database
Return current profiler statistics.
Return True if the variable matches this type, and False otherwise.
Perform the proper action
Convert input into a QuantumChannel subclass object or Operator object
Update the current label. Returns a new Label object.
Establish connection with Guacamole guacd server via handshake.
This method is called before first step of simulation.
Add classical control register.
returns SQL needed for sync schema for a new translatable field
Create DRF model view set from injector class.
Checks if the current position is a checkmate.
Deletes the given version of a model. Blocks until finished.
Return a day as a table cell.
assemble Sentence and Token objects
Update the BGFS state by computing the next inverse hessian estimate.
Validate the internal representation of the instance.
Used to verify that h2o-python module and the H2O server are compatible with each other.
Provide a '.dot' representation of all State in the register.
Connect ports of simulation models by name
Displays bokeh output inside a notebook.
Return a Python AST Node for a `quote` expression.
Make the first column of the table non-breaking.
Init a Request class for crawling html
Create a pool.
See if span tag has italic style and wrap with em tag.
Assign and unassign a user from a case.
Comparison for y coordinate
Increment a counter.
Returns a copy of a Layout instance.
Verifies the signature for the given value.
Add state measurement gates to a circuit.
Subscribe to the given stream with the callback
Adds the header template to the master template string
Sets cursor as end of previous line.
Wrap terminaltables inside a function for TabularOutputFormatter.
Home page request handler.
Add additional headers for Service Bus.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Parse a .obo formated hpo line
Override of the default decode method that also uses decode_date.
Load audio, estimate tuning, apply pitch correction, and save.
Render the Bloch sphere and its data sets in on given figure and axes.
Loads bytecode from a file or file like object.
Retrieves the number of pull requests on a repo in the organization.
Checks if input is VCF and reads in appropriately if it is
Check if input dimension corresponds to qubit subsystems.
Write the pip delete marker file into this directory.
Return a list of all enrollments for the passed course sis id.
Log some information about this layer.
Find a list of XML elements via xpath.
Create record based on dump.
Calculate an ACMG classification based on a list of criteria.
Gets the maximum length of each column
Returns the names of all positional arguments to the given function.
decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method
Write your forwards methods here.
Starts redirection of `stdout`
Prepare the buffers to be used for later communications
Delete a given key or recursively delete the tree below it
Condition an image for use with the VGG16 model.
get depth of an element in the tree
Use the create_bucket API to create a new bucket
Receive NAK in REBINDING state.
visit astroid.ImportFrom  and catch modules for package diagram
Takes a unit string like ``'1. * volt'`` and returns the BRIAN2 unit.
Builds a Godot graph.
Reimplemented for proper heartbeat management.
Create a submonitor with the given units
Activate the given backend and set interactive to True.
Returns the Twitter argument parser.
Get reactions of an issue
Return array declarations.
Sets the start timestamp and formatted time to the current time.
Print information about a signal
Total frame size.
Checks that `perm` is valid.
Gets width and height of terminal viewport
Return the textual content associated to the Response object
!! Must only be called once, when empty !!
Main entry point for the CLI.
Determine if a PE_PE is contained within a EP_PKG or a C_C.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Validate `map_values` if `validate_args`==True.
Returns the Gerrit argument parser.
Run complete analysis and return results.
Execute show subcommand.
Plots CDF and powerlaw
Calculates sha512 fingerprint.
Start the app for the engines subcommand.
DEPRECATED -  use `formula` instead
Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol coroutine using TCP connection.
Verifies a block prior to registration.
Add email header info.
Return a count of the number of frames
Initialize the dictionary of architectures for assembling via keystone
Takes arguments parsed from argparse and returns a profile.
Shrinks the simplex around the best vertex.
Compute the functions C1 and C2
Infer peptides and conduct error-rate estimation in different contexts.
Select a source from the list of sources.
Joint log probability function.
Fetch the history of a channel.
Assign addresses, properties, etc.
Make an ArgumentParser that accepts DNS RRs
Returns a dictionary of all the files under a path.
Register updates that will be executed in each iteration.
Process a message received from remote.
Wait for all PSD threads to finish and return result
Make an object info dict with all fields present.
Atomically rename and clean tempfile
Function to create generic filenames based on what has been explored
optik callback for printing some help about a particular message
Decorator wrapping the environment to use a config file
Selection from field.choices
Handles the user attempting to exit Godot.
Get the context for this view.
This function gets back data that the user typed.
Deletes the cookie with the given name.
Does a notebook exist?
Thread worker for upload operation.
Returns True if left and right are equal
Data type may be "raw" or "percent"
return a verbatim layout for displaying dependencies
Decorate that adds the prefix naming scheme
Ran when a field is added to a model.
Attempts to add information from the lambda context if it exists
Command line tool for plotting and viewing info on filterbank files
See Link Reject, AMQP1.0 spec.
Write the GTFS feed in the given file.
DDP sub handler.
Remove tags from a file.
decode agents jsons, count diffs
It will return the google url to be searched
Update the current agent state in opencast.
Parse a Gerrit reviews list.
Convert a byte value into a human-readable format.
Convert to unicode, and add quotes if initially a string
Reset password using a token received in email then logs user in.
Binds a navigation bar into this extension instance.
Gracefull termination of running process
return the user input's value from a 'compiled' value
Align iteration with cacheline boundary.
Converts a term into OpenMath, using either a converter or the interpretAsOpenMath method
Creates a new table, or if the table already exists, returns it.
Build and return scalar variable declarations
Send a Gauge metric with the specified value
Creates a new empty table
A worker that does actual jobs
inspect the source file to find encoding problem
dump a given encoding
Resolve and validate auth token, returns user object.
Always return a stripped string, localized if possible
Replace {txt} in template with the serialized TXT records
Initialize rate limit information
Implicit format extension on the asset by its compilers.
Main loop, retrieving the schedule.
Get the shell commands we'll use to actually build and publish a package to PyPI.
Completely removes the ID3 chunk from the AIFF file
Calculate shape of data of interest.
Parse the hostname and port out of the server_address.
Get a list of nodes not found in OSM data.
Ran when a field is removed from a model.
Search for date information in the string
Handles the poition of the component changing.
Plots a state variable graph for several neurons into one figure
set different default options with _default dictionary
Add a patch to the patches list
Factory method for creating Receive links.
Handler for cat command
This has to be in a method, for TerminalIPythonApp to be available.
The following opens the log file of PlanarRad.
Returns the instance of the given module location.
Handles display of the nodes editor.
Returns the linescore for the game as a DataFrame.
Puts data on queue
Return True if workspace contains repository name.
Use sched_affinity if available for virtualized or containerized environments.
Supports everything of parent class and csr, csc, bsr, and dia sparse matrices.
Retrieve the Supybot archives after the given date
decompose a TaskRecord dict into subsection of reply for get_result
Convert string with optional k, M, G, T multiplier to float
Run it, return whether to end training.
Update command options.
Save the state to a file.
Compute some basic stats on the next block of data
Creates `dist_fn`, `dist_fn_wrapped`, `dist_fn_args`.
Ran when a field is removed from a model.
Attempts to get a local protocol by connection identifier.
`pgrep` returns an error code if no process was found
Render a fragment to HTML or return JSON describing it, based on the request.
Read a varint from file, parse it, and return the decoded integer.
Returns whether this is a boolean data type.
Returns the failing step's data that happened during this solid's execution, if any
Default handler, a generic callback method for signal processing
WhatsApp input validator function.
Format a list of exit code with names of the signals if possible
ensures all workers and management thread are running
Clean up on process shutdown.
Append a number to duplicate field names to make them unique.
Return specific time an auth_hash will expire.
Build the computation graph here.
Enable or disable automatic rate-limit handling.
Create a pyxtuml association from a R_REL in ooaofooa.
Insert IACA marker into list of ASM instructions at given indices.
Verify the path supplied.
Eight-schools joint log-prob.
Rectify possibly negatively axis. Prefer return Python list.
Get a collection list of a given issue
Load default permission factory.
Returns the remaining duration for a recording.
The mode of the von Mises-Fisher distribution is the mean direction.
Send request to writer service.
Starts an asyncio event loop to connect to the master and run jobs.
quit command when there's just one thread.
Delete all tags of a given kind; see getall.
Will make any functions return an iterable objects by wrapping its result in a list.
Checks if input data is supported by the parameter.
Return a Message representation or raise a KeyError.
Check all API tokens defined and choose one with most remaining API points
Start n instances of the program using mpiexec.
Resume tracing after a `pause`.
main execution loop. query weather data and post to online service.
Handles addition and removal of nodes.
Show a basic reference about the GUI Console.
Removes `key` from annotations
Register the reporter classes with the linter.
Return the self object attributes not inherited as dict.
Utility function to wait all tasks to complete
Get metadata values for trait by key.
highest valid lockset on height
Match attributes or global python names
Base pprint for all exceptions.
Return list of overlay names.
Check that the task arguments received are valid
Derives a PEP386-compliant version number from VERSION.
Start performing the action.
add josa at the end of this word
Sets Streamlink plugin options.
Converts the text category to a tasks.Category instance.
Return all the values for a single axis of the data.
Dump data from Invenio legacy.
Convert to human readable version of CLINSIG evaluation.
Convert a list of nodes in postfix order to an Optree.
Generates a formatted table of language codes
Ensure statement only contains allowed nodes.
Return the composition channel.
return modules that match module_name
Transform Stinespring representation to Kraus representation.
return the image manifest via the aws client, saved in self.manifest
Gets the filesize of a remote file
Show all institutes in the database
Finds a non-colliding name by optional postfixing
Refer all _public_ interns from another namespace.
Count var define by this scope
Display a list of structural variants.
get properties from element tree element
Swap the methods atom to include method with key.
Tokenizer. Generates tokens stream from text
Remove the handlers for the 'qiskit' logger.
Gaussian filter along the first axis of the feature matrix X.
Increment a counter.
Handles the domain model changing
Set the initial statevector for simulation
Give the waterfall step a unique name
Generate a Python AST node for Python interop method calls.
Called to create the control, which must derive from wxControl.
Transform SVG file to PDF file
Download vcf2cytosure file for individual.
Generator for the LIST EXTENSIONS command.
Forces the task instance's state to FAILED in the database.
Get root of name space
Total upload speed being used
Parse file specified by constructor.
recurs into list for indentation
Check if the cadd phred score is annotated
Serve up some ponies.
Transforms a SQLAlchemy model instance into a dictionary
Inverse function of _hat_integral.
Return the correspond floating point number.
Estimate tx gas using web3
Determine if obj is a bit
Send metric and its snapshot.
converts string to type requested by `cast_as`
Print a set of variables
Write stepper info to json
Get Task child object class
Naive neighborhoods algo.
Delete a user from the database
Flask application initialization.
Wait until job's completion.
Create a vaex DataFrame from an Astropy Table.
get image from ImageFrame
Reads a field output report.
Upload a file to Azure Blob Storage.
Loads all symbol maps from db
Plot a detailed autorange report for this sample.
Constructs the bottom line of the element
Creates and connects the underlying text widget.
Updates languages.csv file with current data.
Create the scheduled query
Update a panel in the database
check number of public methods
Check if "axes" is an instance of an axis object. If not, use `gca`.
Grab all the issues
Sends request to cloud service server and return the response.
Gets response body as a SAFEARRAY and converts the SAFEARRAY to str.
Prefix every cell in a row with an HTML alignment attribute.
Remove values common with another Set
Add a new watching rule.
Run simulation for Unit instance
Return the correspond floating point number.
Validate the rule that chunks have a single entrance.
List all profiles in the ipython_dir and cwd.
a "show all" search that doesn't require a query
Return child state with name part as its ast tree
Return a new circuit that has been optimized.
Updates the tip based on user cursor movement.
get the config attribute corresponding to opt
Returns a metric callable with a corresponding name.
Removes the file with the virtual column etc, it does not change the current virtual columns etc.
Update all information that was manually annotated from a old instance.
The diretives parsed from the comments.
Output results in JSON format
Show all objects in the whitelist collection
Protect resource with specified scopes.
Finds the streams from tvcatchup.com.
Apply crz from ctl to tgt with angle theta.
Reload source from disk and initialize state.
Main function to parse the arguments and call the main process.
Returns the dimension of the embedded space of each element.
Convert an AST terminal to python source code.
sets 1.0 cost for every replacement, insertion, deletion and transposition
Runs HTTP GET request to retrieve the list of datasets.
Downloads and parses the price
Load all operands and process them by self._evalFn
Construct the point record by reading the points from the stream
Render the widget.
Get record ids for Invenio 2.
Returns a degree vectors for the input.
Tag to plot graphs into the template
Return python code of a given dag_id.
Write `data` to file record `n`; records are indexed from 1.
Decode Erlang external term.
Safely return an unicode encoded string
Merge other statement to this statement
Return the unique internal name
Return the text value of the node
Dictionary of actual parameters of the model.
Create copy of this context with increased indent
Decorator used to change the return value from PJFFactory.fuzzed, it makes the structure printable
Parse module defined in *uri*
Saves the specified file to the local file system.
Create a tree.Capture
Checks if a collection exists in CosmosDB.
Convert the Japanese to Hiragana or Katakana.
Creates lists of callables suitable for JDSeq.
This clean method will check for unique_together condition
Process f-string arguments.
Return a list of found table objects.
Resolve name for process and mark outputs of statemens as not hidden
Parse source using the grammar
Return True if the variable matches the specified type.
Builds the network using Keras.
Extracts video ID from URL.
Custom flattening method for the parse tree.
Redraws the background and any child widgets.
Reads the contents of the config file
Register jinja filters, vars, functions.
Formats elapsed seconds into a human readable format.
Validates that supplied client key.
Show or delete an ACMG evaluation.
Sends the field definitions ot standard out
Gets the files of the given dataset.
Format text with color or other effects into ANSI escaped string.
Query for if date_field is within number of "days" ago.
Verify a qubit id against the gate prototype.
Allow ! and !! in multi-line statements if multi_line_specials is on
Register a transformer instance.
Customize check_type for handling containers.
return a list of logs. We return any file that ends in .log
post will use requests to get a particular url
Initialize based on a list of fortune files with set chances
Render search box and view for HPO phenotype terms
Find all columns that this selection depends on for df ds
Conducts cleanup of periodical certificates with expired validation.
Look for indexing exceptions.
If don't have injector call from parent
Truncate string values.
get properties from entry xml
Set site domain and name.
Count the # of differences between equal length strings str1 and str2
Run files from IPythonApp.exec_files
Unregister an engine that has died.
Add all wires in a classical register.
return signal inside unit which has this port
Score function to calculate score
Writes all traffic data to file.
Return True if given Distribution is installed in user site.
Raise exception if the circuits are defined on incompatible registers
Numba-accelerated interval matching algorithm.
Emit a convention whenever range and len are used for indexing.
Delete the transcripts collection
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Integrate plugins to the context
List components that are available on your machine
Computes weighted sum of inputs conditioned on state
Plot a fitted PCA, and all components.
Read text lines from a file
Register signals from interfaces for Interface or Unit instances
Returns a versioned URI string for this class
Attemps to parse time part of date strings like '1 day ago, 2 PM'
Get information for this card. Returns a dictionary of values.
Build the action table from the text above
Return string representing the name of this type.
Dump current profiler statistics into a file.
Show all collections in the database
Add validation after instantiation.
Broadcasts the event or samples.
Create a Model. Blocks until finished.
Return a day as a table cell.
Restores the previous position and returns the last move from the stack.
Create DRF generic class-based API view from injector class.
Add controls to this gate.
get only db changes fields
Custom authentication to check if auth token has expired.
create hdl vector value
write a '.dot' file.
The standardized centers for the kmeans model.
Apply Toffoli to from ctl1 and ctl2 to tgt.
Unsigns the given string.
Measure a timing for statistical distribution.
Get all pools.
Create a copy, and return it.
Update status of a specific case.
If next tag is link with same href, combine them.
Add a tag attribute to the wx window
Return a Python AST node for `recur` occurring inside a `fn*`.
For crawling multiple urls
Handler for metrics.
Sends a new message event to an Event Hub.
Wrap the formatting inside a function for TabularOutputFormatter.
Usefull string to compute error message.
Adds the footer template to the master template string
Add state preparation gates to a circuit.
Returns the list of devices that belong to the user
Resets Bloch sphere data sets to empty.
Report startup info to stdout.
Tries to decode strings that look like dates into datetime objects.
Generate the frequency domain constant-Q filter basis.
Render seach box for genes.
Call back function to be implemented by the CLI.
Gets the maximum length of each column in the field table
Fetch and fill-in evaluation object.
Create a new record from dump.
Log information about this layer's parameters.
Raises ValueError if this sandbox instance is currently running.
Logs in to Steam
Make a copy of current operator.
Decorator for Backend that ensures rates are fresh within last 5 mins
parse the arguments referring to the GTR model and return a GTR structure
Recursively get the tree below the given key
Prepare the buffers to be used for later communications
Detect if the given function node is decorated with a property.
Returns the names of the supplied arguments to the given function.
Finalizes the manager, closes and removes all handlers if desired.
Returns the published slider items.
Get privileges from metadata of the source in s3, and apply them to target
Receive ACK in REBINDING state.
Log the output.
Decondition an image from the VGG16 model.
Reimplemented to emit signals instead of making callbacks.
Formats a number of seconds using the best units.
extract recursively classes related to klass_node
Simply checks if data is supported
Get user and org data for the login
Parse the hits returned by the Google Search API
Sets the finish time and computes the runtime in human readable format
Print source code of kernel.
Bring the interrupt pin on the GPIO into Linux userspace.
Convert a figure to svg or png for inline display.
Wrap code into a begin and end call on this monitor
Update the content of a single file.
raise exception on RAM exceeded
Checks that `rightmost_transposed_ndims` is valid.
An external file manages file paths.
Return the items from Crates.io API using pagination
Load file information from a filename.
Set whether we print or not when this signal is caught.
Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol coroutine using serial port.
DEPRECATED - please use `compute_cumsum` instead
Calculate two's complement.
Decorator to append routed docstrings
Start the app for the start subcommand.
Execute gerrit command with retry if it fails
The number of `params` needed to create a single distribution.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Parse show subcommand.
Print generated model data in human readable format.
Check if a PE_PE is globally defined, i.e. not inside a C_C
Reset the current HyperLogLog to empty.
Replaces an element at supplied index.
Write a command to the receiver and read the value it returns.
Infer peptidoforms after scoring of MS1, MS2 and transition-level data.
Loads the user's LSI profile, or provides a default.
Initialize the dictionary of architectures for disassembling via capstone
Disassemble a code object.
Put the parts of the email together.
Registers `block` to `block_type` in the registry.
Handle closing of websocket connection.
Print network statistics.
returns a list of all databases on this server
Fetch user data.
Runs HMC on the text-messages unnormalized posterior.
Make a subparser for a given type of DNS record
Return the authorative source of the link.
Get a temp filename for atomic download.
Main *boilerplate* function to start simulation
Compute PSD from samples and update average for given center frequency
check packers for binary data and datetime support.
Returns all of the active statistics for the gadgets currently registered.
Save the object to a given file like object in the given format.
optik callback for sample config file generation
Return one of first ten items for field queryset
Collects all settings within a section
Verify the file size of the downloaded file.
Convenience method for just changing font size.
Creates an fcs file for a given tdms file
Fetches the authenticated user data upon redirect.
Return a full path to a notebook given its notebook_id.
Arrange the components of the node using Graphviz.
build the internal or the external depedency graph
This is a decorator that signaling that a function is only available if the storage is open.
DDP ping handler.
Creates .rollbar log file for use with rollbar-agent
Ran when a field is removed from a model.
Write GTFS text files in the given path.
Check if the delivery can be processed.
Check if any events are cancelled on the given date 'd'.
Close any of open connections
Update the status of a particular service in the database.
Get an SMTP session with TLS.
Read encoded contents from specified path or return default.
Fetch the rsvps of a given event.
Return potential locations of IACA installation.
Show server slabs.
format an options section using the INI format
Genius idea by Alexey Lavrenyuk
Creates the overview tables in overview group
Return a TCPClient with same settings of the batch TCP client
Return a list with number of loaded cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
Does basic Metric option validation.
Generate the dataset dictionary
Find blocks probably corresponding to loops in assembly.
Initialize mailing lists directory path
Reload the raw data from file or URL.
Imports and runs setup function with given properties.
read command line options to configure program behavior.
Saves any changes to this record set.
Deletes record, and removes it from database.
Retrieve all cells from the spreadsheet.
Move or copy single file to artifacts dir
Updates the header information from the original file to the selection.
List the contents of the directory.
Compiles this JOIN into a SQL string.
Unset default value for AleaIdField.
Send the message via HTTP POST, default is json-encoded.
Does nothing currently.  May not need this method
Docstring will be filled in by __init__.py
Returns list of unique `FragmentResource`s by order of first appearance.
Returns an active connection cursor to the database.
check whether our dependencies have been met.
set of validators may change between heights
Set a climate hold - ie away, home, sleep
Retrieve S3 access key settings from s3cmd's config file, if present; otherwise return None.
Listen for completed jobs and reschedule successful ones.
Returns a dict with the representation of this task configuration object.
return True if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function
When a model gets deleted.
Render the rel=canonical, rel=prev and rel=next links to a Markup object for injection into a template
render one or all of my tracebacks to a list of lines
given a packed storm date field, unpack and return 'YYYY-MM-DD' string.
Wrapper function for scoop, that does not configure logging
Initialize and run command line interface.
Fetch the number of rows in a table
Fetch changes and store them in a pack.
Returns local tcp address for a given `port`, automatic port if `None`
write graph, node or edge attributes
Gets the label to display for a specified object.
add the current accumulated lines and create a new block
quit command when several threads are involved.
Use the environment to get the current region
Serve a json representation of internal agentstate as meta data
Returns a list of tables for the given user.
Helper function to standardize op scope.
This recursive descent thing formats a config dict for GraphQL.
Get a buffer of data that needs to be written to the network.
Construct an id for agency using its tags.
Find first blob from selection.
Wraps value and gradients function to assist with None gradients.
Handler for mv command
Ran when a new model is created.
Return a bundle initialised by the given dict.
Writes the string to stdout
Launches the OpenID authentication procedure.
Import all `ddp` submodules from `settings.INSTALLED_APPS`.
Code to load create user module. Copied off django-browserid.
Render metadata block as a byte string.
Return a batch client with same settings of the client
Creates a run set name based on ``idx``
Convert any string to a sympy object or None.
Helper to `maybe_call_fn_and_grads`.
disable the report of the given id
publish value to status
Cast an arbitrary object or sequence to a string type
Remove a single pair of quotes from the endpoints of a string.
Print 'msg' to stderr, and option 'log' at info level.
Load from json-encodable
Get stats info.
Helper which checks validity of `loc` and `scale` init args.
Get the notes from pagination
Login a user.
RMSPROP optimization core.
Gets data from queue
Execute update subcommand.
Check that a symbol is not already used.
Returns a DataFrame of per-36-minutes stats.
Handles adding an Edge to the graph.
Return disk usage associated with path.
Overridden to handle rich data types, like SVG.
Register a new engine.
Returns detected SoapySDR devices
Merges all trajectories found in the working directory
Returns the StackExchange argument parser.
Alternative naming, you can use `node.vars.name` instead of `node.v_name`
Visit a Call node.
Write a line of debug output.
Test if a point is within this polygonal region
Delete notebook by notebook_id.
Set the name of all non-leaf nodes in the subtree to None.
The following gets back coordinates of the mouse on the canvas.
Return a tuple with the process' RSS and VMS size.
Returns a list of patches after patch from the patches list
The endpoint state machine failed due to protocol error.
Handler for ls command
Builds the python source code for the Parser TokenType enum.
Register Flask blueprints.
Renames a column, not this is only the in memory name, this will not be reflected on disk
Return True if at least one GPU is available
recursively flatten nested objects
This function takes a list of chunks and produces a list of tokens.
Rendering of the tag. It either assigns the value as variable, or renders it.
Transform a QuantumChannel to the Chi representation.
Cleanup after a request. Close any open connections.
get_subparser will get a dictionary of subparsers, to help with printing help
Gets the time frames and puts them in a numpy array.
Render the sourcecode.
Return the shape for bipartite matrix
Open stream, create output and finally write the stream to output.
Return list of sections including students for the passed course ID.
Show all transcripts in the database
Returns a partial of _get_repetition that accepts only a text argument.
Get the frequencies for Mel bins
Coerce the argument o to a ISeq. If o is None, return None.
Return all the clinical gene symbols for a case.
Load kwargs key,value pairs into __dict__
Create CodeGovProject object from GitLab Repository
Return a static resource from the shared folder.
Return the correspond symbolic number.
Gets the sum of the data portions of all datapoints within
Get a list of keys for the accounts
Return the index of a string of 0s and 1s.
Compute the average hash of the given image.
Respond to ``nsqd`` that you need more time to process the message.
Remove it but raise KeyError if not found
Get the most generic data type for iterable *column*.
Connects to host and sends the request.
Sets the request header.
Create a Fraction from a numerator and denominator.
Decorator that will try to login and redo an action before failing.
Compute the component values for the time `tdb` plus `tdb2`.
Return an error page for the current response status.
Helper method to clean up DAG file processors to avoid leaving orphan processes.
See tfkl.Layer.call.
GLM model demo.
Merge internal hooks set with the given hooks
Attach a parser tree to the dict of rules
Register Param object on interface level object
Draws the graph title and subtitle
Descend depth first into all child nodes
Decode a UNSUBACK control packet.
Make a prediction with the component described in corresponding configuration file.
Convert an AST alternate op to python source code.
Returns mesh quality and geometric stats.
Dump JSON of record.
Inform the widget about the encoding of the underlying character stream.
Migrates the old config file format to the new one
Discover sensitivity for list of signals
Median filter along the first axis of the feature matrix X.
Return the primary control channel of this qubit.
Shutdown a kernel and remove its notebook association.
Call the method repeatedly such that it will return a PKey object.
Simple error handler for azure.
Update a user in the database
Return a Fmt representation of Translator for pretty-printing
Update the transit keyword arguments
Convert character ``Offset``s to character ranges.
Share a case with a different institute.
Gets the DAG out of the dictionary, and refreshes it if expired
Scan the provided policy directory for all JSON policy files.
Detect that a class has a consistent mro or duplicate bases.
Add additional requirements from setup.cfg to file metadata_path
Convert to Operator object.
Create a new text cell.
Set a gauge.
Return a list of custom gate names in this gate body.
call spin after the method.
Computes the 2D-Fourier Magnitude Coefficients.
Get a new id if the provided one is None.
Filter persistent identifiers.
Query observations for a variant.
Get the application bearer token from client_id and client_secret.
return class names if needed in diagram
Sets the global HTTP settings, such as proxy and headers.
returns self._source
Undo selection, for the name.
Setup connection to database.
Gets the configuration stored in environment variables
Remove an image from the database and filesystem.
Transform SuperOp representation to Choi representation.
Yields substrings for which the same escape code applies.
Read prefix code array
stop all the instances given by its ids
Add information from peddy outfiles to the individuals
Get roles connected to an action.
Remove a given child element, specified by name or as element.
Shortcut to do a single position filter on genomic datasets.
Reads and return the vlrs of the file
stepper part of reading options
Forces unregistration of tree admin class with following re-registration.
Load and parse a .csv file
Checks if required directories exist and creates them if needed.
Return the task object identified by the given dag_id and task_id.
Convert Python object into Java
Infer type on the subexpr
Wait until grid finishes computing.
Partition self.string where `char`'s not in atomic sub-spans.
__eq__ is not overloaded because it will destroy hashability of object
Adds argument for config to existing argparser
Parses the input string, and returns a reference to the created AST's root
Starts the REPL.
Validate an initial unitary matrix
Get the list of qubits drawing this gate would cover
Finds the population member with the lowest value.
vcf2cytosure CGH file for inidividual.
get a random key out of the first max_iter rows
Runs command and returns stdout
Select best remaining CNOT in the hardware for the next program edge.
Generates an address from a private key digest.
Create Django class-based view from injector class.
Gets the piece at the given square.
Returns a Google MLEngine service object.
Return a day as a table cell.
N-D interpolation that works with leading batch dims.
Carry out the action associated with a node.
Parse the provided file, and return Code object.
Add a directive in the sequence
Walk all simple values in HStruct or HArray
Generate the lock-and-key response, needed to acquire registration tokens.
Return the default session. The path is read from the default config.
Encodes a single span to JSON.
Set this layer in the training mode or in predition mode if is_training=False
Returns version of the Cloud SQL Proxy.
Calculates the plastic data
Inspect records in a migration dump.
Show all indexes in the database
Determines vec_size for a pre-trained model after basic model verification.
Read symbol from stream. Returns symbol, length.
Return True if QuantumChannel is a unitary channel.
Returns the offsets values of x, y, z as a numpy array
Receive instructions from Guacamole guacd server.
Find files by pattern in directory
Correct the timezone information on the given datetime
Visualize BAM alignments.
Adds method f to the DataFrame class
a new line has been encountered, process it if necessary
Sets the base font for the ConsoleWidget to the specified QFont.
Reravel two bipartite matrices.
Main function for molvs command line interface.
Tell postgres to encrypt this field using PGP.
Escape an XML attribute. Value can be unicode.
Set the absolute tolerence parameter for float comparisons.
Checks if the string value contains another string.
Handles an oauth1 authorization response.
Given a dataset, fits either features or voxels to y
Return info about callers.
Check if the profiler is running.
Load the metrics file from the given path
Scatter with support for kwargs dictionary
standalone command line access point
mkdir -p path
Call the SparkSubmitHook to run the provided spark job
Display a list of SNV variants.
Create event start and end datetimes.
Test to see if the line can has enough space for the given length.
Returns a list of all git repos for the supplied project within the supplied collection
Add classical control register to all instructions.
Write the index.html file for this report.
Yield layers of the multigraph.
Provides curses horizontal padding
The index of the deepest character readed.
Generate and view the documentation.
Create a virtual environment in a directory.
Update some required parameters for OAuth2.0 API calls
Check whether the provided value is a valid enum constant.
Get BibDocs for Invenio 1.
Collect data from interface
Updates the various instanced modules
Connect to MQTT broker
Splits the symbol into namespace, symbol tuple
Returns a snowflake.connection object
Dumps the mesh to XDMF format.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Constructs function encapsulated in the graph and the session.
Parse a str in parameter list
Build an enum statement
Executed when script is run as-is.
Check the old password is valid and set the new password.
Process for injecting of this callback loop into simulator
Helper to get the exception name from an ExceptHandler node in both py2 and py3.
The supplementary files of this notebook
Build the transition noise model for a SeasonalStateSpaceModel.
Deletes an existing database in CosmosDB.
Extract expression expressing date and time and normalize its value
Cleans the working directory of unwanted temporary files
Delta step for combinational processes
Returns list of the predecessors of a node as DAGNodes.
Return if *index* has children.
Job version of `download_url`
Read a function reader macro from the input stream.
Likes last user_id's medias
Will extract from __code__ the API version. Should be use if you use this is an operation group with no constant api_version.
Run the *cmd* and exit with the proper exit code.
Process the signature and find definition for type.
identifier = alpha_character | "_" . {alpha_character | "_" | digit} ;
Display a list of cases for an institute.
Get the value of the dynamic variable `*ns*` in the current thread.
Core dynamic program for beat tracking
Return op implementing a virtual gate on given layout.
Install the wheel into site-packages.
Return a connected Bitbucket session
Extracts video ID from URL.
Verify a list of registers.
Returns True if only a module is being run
This method obtains the actual features.
Keeps track of the furthest point in the source code the parser has reached to this point.
Add information of incomplete penetrance
Returns a list of users for the given sis course id.
Adds a segment to the download pool and write queue.
Save scanning template to filename.
Return the list of all known timezones.
Open document by the default handler of the OS, could be a url opened by a browser, a text file by an editor etc
Load all variants in a region to a existing case
number = digit - "0" . {digit} ;
get_installdir returns the installation directory of the application
remove a variable from the config, if found.
Test if an array is a diagonal matrix
Return nodes from rhs which have ancestors in lhs.
Roll n-sided dice and return each result and the total
Clear our namespace.
This function separates data, from the file to display curves, and will put them in the good arrays.
Get the required 'settings' from the user and return as a dict.
do a bit of validation of the notebook dir
Get privileges of a local file
Select a font; size given in points
Copy file to destination
notify an imported module, used to analyze dependencies
Adds all necessary parameters to the `traj` container
Give new edges a unique ID.
ensure flags dict is valid
Write PSD of one frequency hop
subprocess run on here
stop eventloop when exit_now fires
Complementary error function.
Method to refresh API tokens from ecobee
get modules and errors from a list of modules and handle errors
Lookup for nearest existing file
Direct link to the overview group
Run as a command-line script.
Returns the node with the given ID or None.
Get a multi-line string as input
Logout from the server.
Compute marginal pdf for each individual observable.
Get the path to the file relative to its parent.
Run complete analysis.
Run one training iteration.
Return all object IDs for the given meteor_ids.
Handle arguments for the 'lumi-upload' command.
Returns a sorted list of the executed arcs missing from the code.
Return binding energies instead of mass excesses
clean markup from string
return the module name and the frame id in the module
Checks the validity of the concentration parameter.
Return a list with number of evicted cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
Creates or returns a group
Used to initialize redis with app object
Return a full copy of the object, optionally renaming it.
if view is string based, must be a full path
Ran when a new model is created.
Push data broadcasted from gateway to device
Helper to broadcast a tensor using a list of target tensors.
Setup ploting edges.
Gets a list of supported U2F versions from the device.
Create link from request for a receiver.
Inform client that WebSocket service is available.
Adds the session cookie to headers.
Show short help for all commands in `category'.
Clear all keys from the comment.
Prepare for monitoring - install agents etc
Finish computation of log_prob on one element of the inverse image.
Lookup AQI database for station codes in a given city.
Initialize logger based on configuration
List of cli strings for a given option.
required method to auto register this checker
Can be called from storage service to create a new group to bypass name checking
Parses a DOT file and returns a Godot graph.
Stop streaming samples from device and delete samples buffer
Stop this Tracer.
Get reactions on issue comments
Get pull request review comments
Return global iterator with last iteration number
Updates the `run_information` of the current trajectory.
Returns all values matching `partial_selector` as a list.
Check if the given function node is a singledispatch function.
Statically parse the version number from __init__.py
Returns all valid python strings inside a given argument string.
Add extra details to the message.  Separate so that it can be overridden
create an object which acts as a proxy for the contract on the chain
Route registration requests and queries from clients.
Delete files on S3
Receive ACK in REQUESTING state.
Read dataset from csv.
Build the message params.
Advances to next line.
Summary error table for some typical q-values
Power the device off.
Get the issues from pagination
Called when socket is read-ready
Open file and confirm if it is a filterbank file or not.
Clear out cache for api_path_map.
Update all parent atoms with the new size.
Main method to render screen view
Get crate version downloads
Build and return Sailthru purchase item object
Get messages of an issue
Dispatch to cache predictor to get cache stats.
Clone repository from url.
Format target axes given an array shape
Plot the fitted lognormal distribution
Create a new qt4 app or return an existing one.
Get OneDrive object representing list of objects in a folder.
Backup the database into its file.
Return system per-CPU times as a named tuple
Gets an object of bots on DBL
Allows staff to amend a user's current registration cart, and etc etc.
Remove median, divide by IQR.
Get a random mutator for the given type
load config from existing json connector files.
Add text for a datapoint
Generate preview for URL.
Reformat a function signature to a more compact form.
Chain a sequence of generated Python ASTs into a tuple of dependency nodes
Create a cylinder with user defined number of segments
download enrichr libraries.
Join adjacent lines together into paragraphs using either a blank line or indent as separator.
Make a placeholder object that uses its own name for its repr
Decide if we print or not the header.
return True if the node is inside a kind of for loop
Runs HTTP GET request to retrieve the list of experiments.
Handles replies for code execution.
Handles CONNACK packet from the server
Load a spec from a given path, discovering specs if a directory is given.
View decorator for requiring a user group.
Tries to copy the values of the current dimensions from other_record
Create a new secret link.
Creates the context for a specific request.
Write a byte of data to the specified cmd register of the device.
Create sparse feature matrix, and vocabulary where fixed_vocab=False
Reimplemented to cancel the hide timer.
Call all plugins, returning the first non-None result.
Clean up files, remove builds.
Save the weights of the trainable variables given a checkpoint, each one in a different file in output_path.
Create new dependent variable vector.
add a dummy option section for help purpose
Canvas DELETE method.
Verify if the request token is existed.
Start the heartbeating and call the callback if the kernel dies.
Converts amount value from several types into Decimal.
fill the area below the active editting zone with text
Find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in `page`, yielding URLs
Creates a new set from members.
check size of inheritance hierarchy and number of instance attributes
Return True if the Var holds a macro function.
Pagination utility.  Obnoxious.
Add `v` to the hash, recursively if needed.
Create a ByteParser on demand.
The equivalent of 'mkdir -p' in shell.
Submit a task to any of a subset of our targets.
Returns true if the file version support the point_format_id
iterator for results *as they arrive*, on FCFS basis, ignoring submission order.
Find eggs in zip files; possibly multiple nested eggs.
Convert a Snowplow enriched event TSV into a JSON
Returns key contents, and modify time
Just sends the request using its send method and returns its response.
Return a parsed dictionary for JSON.
Get user accounts from Invenio 2.
Update motion settings matching camera_id with keyword args.
Returns the shape of the data.
Add a dataset and add it to the UI
Helper function to handle caught signals.
Returns True if the considered string is a valid SHA256 hash.
Download the latest version of `dir_structure_production.json`.
get image list from ImageFrame
Returns a set as inp string with unsorted option.
displays last price, for symbol if provided
Is the method a test method?
Build choices list runtime using 'sitetree_tree' tag
Returns formatting for the tasks section of asana.
Read LAtools configuration file, and return parameters as dict.
if is negated return original cond and negated flag
Send a string of raw input to the kernel.
Parse YAML front matter. This uses yaml.SafeLoader by default.
Sets up HTTP connector and starts queue timer
Total Memory Size of Synology DSM
Get available messages and send through to the protocol
Runs statistical profiler on a module.
Helper function to print connection status messages when in verbose mode.
recurs into list for string computing
Build the parser that will have all available commands and options.
Construct a string representing the object
Return line if used, otherwise return None.
Return the correspond symbolic number.
Checks that input is a `float` matrix.
Create a notebook by name, id and a list of worksheets.
Find addresses matching the command parameters.
Reimplemented to support prompt requests.
Returns the components of an ellipse.
View wrapper for JsonEx responses. Catches exceptions as well
Shows all of the credit notes in the system.
Returns all dates from first to last included.
Add a metric to the buffer.
Start procedure to validate variant using other techniques.
Evaluate the forms in a string into a Python module AST node.
Make sure text is bytes type.
Read configuration from setup.cfg.
Set the input text data.
This function is called whenever there is a message received from the server
Returns a TryteString representation of the transaction.
Verify that there are no conflicting "old-style" packages
Return the current statevector in JSON Result spec format
Get a specific resource by name
Handles the component being changed.
Remove all rows and reset internal structures
Generate Var.find calls for the named symbol.
Return True if filename is Python file.
create the index for this set
Sets the log context.
Request a rerun by email.
Append to self, accessible via Qt.QtCompat
Check that the image height is superior to `height`
Use a PEG to parse expression and return study IDs.
create the subgraphs representing any `if` and `for` statements
Compose link to 1000G page for detailed information.
Send command to clear the alarm.
Reload source from disk and initialize state.
Return a circuit with a barrier before last measurements.
Update the current checklist. Returns a new Checklist object.
Return compiled marker as a function accepting an environment dict.
Return list of shell aliases to auto-define.
Transform Kraus representation to SuperOp representation.
Compose the version predicates for requirement in PEP 345 fashion.
Show all gene panels in the database
Get the Var referred by Symbol or None if it does not exist.
write a package diagram
This also finds code you are working on today!
Returns a BigQuery service object.
Set renewal, rebinding times.
make privkeys that support coloring, see utils.cstr
Split a line of text with a cursor at the given position.
Prefix all path entries in model with the given prefix.
Decodes raw WASM modules, yielding `ModuleFragment`s.
The pprint function for regular expression patterns.
Call this on an lxml.etree document to remove all namespaces
Change password for logged in django staff user
Parse the archive arguments of a task
Generates html from Vega lite data
Sets the style to the specified Pygments style.
Default filters for model
Checks if input data is supported by the parameter.
Remove duplicate source and destination accesses
Dispatches the reply to the proper queue.
Build a partial xsd tree out of a S_DT and its sub types S_CDT, S_EDT, S_SDT and S_UDT.
Adds a callback to call upon failure
Build self.args using all the fields.
setup system logging to desired verbosity.
Removes the node corresponding to each item in 'features'.
Make an entry in the options_table for fn, with value optstr
Register one or more new device types, each request can contain a maximum of 512KB.
Display an error message, or the named topic.
Returns all annotations lexicographically sorted as a concatenated string.
Creation date and time in ISO8601 format.
Return updates from optimization.
Create a pyxtuml class from a BridgePoint class.
Checks the validity of a sample.
check if the searchQuery contain a bang, and create fitting autocompleter results
calls `map` to shift the recover execution to flat_map_nvim_io
Check counts for proper shape, values, then return tensor version.
Increment a Counter metric
Get timezone as set by the system
List commands arranged in an aligned columns
Run it, return whether to end training.
Factory for making summary statistics, eg, mean, mode, stddev.
Load a saved state file.
Actually sends data over the wire.
Flask decorator protecting ressources using token scheme
Builds an Iterator switching between train and heldout data.
Close the stream.
Returns a queue object
Recursively kill the descendants of a process before killing it.
Add incoming data to buffer.
Instance method to run this task immediately.
Initialize the widget with the source.
A multi-layered topic model over a documents-by-terms matrix.
return all available checkers as a list
validate a url for zeromq
decorator for adding positional information to returning nodes
Returns an SFTP connection object
Parse the result element of the observation type
Perform a raw query on the task record database.
Start n copies of the process using the Win HPC job scheduler.
Unencrypt all files and checkpoints for a single user.
Return field's value just before saving.
Get a specific Task Record, by msg_id.
true if builtins and not show_builtins
Runs one step of leapfrog integration.
Returns a FTP connection object
Handler for dsync command.
Thunk to load the real StringIO on demand
Rename a file.
Enable GUI event loop integration, taking pylab into account.
Splits given url to url base and params converted to list of tuples.
override to allow old '-pylab' flag with deprecation warning
Applies a single slicing step to `dist`, returning a new instance.
Adds a new result.
Generic subcommand integer value display
Return true if string is binary data.
Calculate percentage usage of 'used' against 'total'.
Grabs readable PNG file pointer
Return disk usage associated with path.
potential_scale_reduction for one single state `Tensor`.
Handles LiteralObjects as well as computable arguments
Applies cls_name to all needles found in haystack.
Check args and return samples.
A mini stack trace routine for threads.
All keys in DB, or all keys matching a glob
We train over mini-batches and evaluate periodically.
Build the transition noise model for a semi-local linear trend model.
Build CLI dynamically based on the package structure.
This function will be called after each iteration.
Init connection and consumer with openstack mq.
Concatenates input vectors, statically if possible.
Updates the state advancing its position by a given position_delta.
Progress Monitor listener that logs all updates to the given logger
Returns the intersection of this and another Envelope.
Add up a list of freq counts to get the total counts.
Get the ID of an account you can use to access projects.
Load parameters to the block.
Human-readable representation of a tensor's numpy value.
insert a tab with a given frontend in the tab bar, and give it a name
Returns a prepared ``Session`` instance.
Scale brightness from 0..255 to 1..32.
Build an Iterator switching between train and heldout data.
Find subcmd in self.subcmds
Handles replies for code execution, here only session history length
Write local file chunk
Close and upload local log file to remote storage Wasb.
Helper to validate block sizes.
Return a full path to a notebook given its name.
Separates the outcome feature from the data.
raise `InvalidOperationException` if is freezed.
Add a new user if they don't already exist.
Retrieves a list of the last cached message for all events from a specific device.
default function for packing datetime objects in JSON.
Read config file and return list of options
Append new content for a cell magic in line mode.
Get the fixed part of the path without wildcard
Defines the security context
Serialize all class and association definitions in a *metamodel*.
Overrides the default get_attribute method to convert None values to False.
Copies the ImageResource with 'name' to the clipboard.
Login to enedis.
SIGINT handler spawns confirmation dialog
Translate a glob PATTERN PART to a regular expression.
Find an object and return a struct with info about it.
optik callback for printing available messages
Makes a function which applies a list of Bijectors' `log_det_jacobian`s.
Generates crc32. Modulo keep the value within int range.
Creates the condition function pair for an expansion.
Parse command-line arguments.
Closes both input and output
Use this if you want to create a new contact from user input.
Load parameters from file.
returns a connected cursor to the database-server.
Return the authorative target of the link.
Implements ndtri core logic.
Search the database for the given query. Will find partial matches.
Return the textual content associated to the Response object
Returns the size of a specific dimension.
Error message when subcommand asked for but doesn't exist
DEPRECATED -  use `formula` instead
Creates a DSMR asyncio protocol.
Show details for all workspaces.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Parse command line options and launch the prebuilder.
Notify the manager that this lock is still active.
Reimplemented to ensure that signals are dispatched immediately.
Handle the file path changing.
Simply checks if data is supported
Check the model for uniqueness constraint violations.
Retrieve the field mappings. Useful for debugging.
Return inner most for loop in loop nest
Starts a pool single run and passes the storage service
Create perm-vm if not exist and insert into FAB security model for all-dags.
Enables GPIO interrupts.
Call before starting work on a monitor, specifying name and amount of work
Handles requests to the user signup page.
Add a number of months to a date
Get the clipboard's text on OS X.
Updates indexes after each epoch for shuffling
Handle the `a = %who` syntax.
Get the correct content type for a given name
Renders the hero slider.
Returns an attribute value dictionary much like `__dict__` but incorporates `__slots__`
Append a value to multiple value parameter.
Returns a sqlite connection object
Convenience method for selecting a character.
Create a user.
get all msg_ids, ordered by time submitted.
Get symbolic output of a layer.
Bind and activate HTTP server.
Display Bloch sphere and corresponding data sets.
use a thread lock on current method, if self.lock is defined
reenable message of the given id
Handles decoding of nested date strings.
Render information about a gene.
Parse out HGNC symbols from a stream.
extract relation ships between nodes in the diagram
Decoding using the dot product.
Iterator to read the rows of the CSV file.
Number of "neurons" in this layer's default output.
Yield names and strings used by `code` and its nested code objects
Add a member to this card. Returns a list of Member objects.
Override ``_serialize`` for customizing the exception raised.
Update the data in an existing record.
Returns True if the point format has waveform packet dimensions
Returns the signature for the given value
Return the top lines of the file.
Apply u2 to q.
Close the file and restore the channel.
Jupyter Notebook magic repr function.
Mark a variant as sanger validated.
The previous DagRun, if there is one
check modules attribute accesses
Extract an X.509 certificate from a socket connection.
Return a Python AST Node for a `let*` expression.
Helper method to remove a menu avoiding using its position
Persist the Bearer token.
Create Prometheus metrics from a list of MetricConfigs.
convert the fields of the object into a dictionnary
Creates and returns a list that represents a command for running the pipeline.
Returns a projectors.
HTML-escape the text in `t`.
Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative via series expansion.
n-qubit QFT on q in circ.
Return dict mapping the key to list of messages.
Remove the item from the list and unset the related data
Called by the event loop whenever the fd is ready for reading.
Gets an SFEN representation of the current position.
Returns true if the condition passes the filter
The integer of the thumbnail figure
Perform the action.
Begin recording coverage information.
Generates the correct checksum for this address.
Create profile stats file and load profiler.
Validation email handler.
Configure SSH client options
Run command in a loop and check exit status plus restart process when needed
Activate the default formatters.
Collect data from interface
write a '.png' file.
Check that the provided frame id is valid in Rapids language.
Collects memory stats for specified Python program.
Select this node if it is an option element inside a select tag.
sets the graph ploting options
get summary ops for the magnitude of gradient updates
Retrieve the mining informations.
Return a list of examples which violate the schema.
Return pandas dataframe of all sample statistics.
Write calculated fields for read buffer.
Called by the ASGI instance to send a message.
Redirect input streams and set a display hook.
Read the config file
Get instance URL by ID
uniq operation with key selector
Method to calculate and format an average duration safely
Get all information for this Label. Returns a dictionary of values.
Make sure there's a site.py in the target dir, if needed
Enable integration with a given GUI
Returns de minimum values of x, y, z as a numpy array
Add error output to Xunit report.
Return True if the variable does not match any of the types, and False otherwise.
If true, handle uncompressed data
Generate a gaussian kernel.
Remove all tags that have the tag name ``tag``
Start a new profiler.
Perform a request to the fully qualified url and return json.
Partition coll into groups of size n.
Fetch additional data under *index*.
Refresh reloads data from the server. It raises an error if it fails to get the object's metadata
Try passwordless login with paramiko.
Run files from profile startup directory
Download link url into temp_dir using provided session
Expands the vertical scrollbar beyond the range set by Qt.
Check isinstance calls which can be merged together.
Return true if o contains the key k.
Realms for this request token.
Return course resource for given sis id.
Population parameter vals == average member parameter vals
Returns a unique instance of `klass` or None
Save a small version of the graph based on a Caffe model, the input tensors and the output node names.
Returns normalized scientific notation components of a value.
Create the default transformers.
Find a handler for the line_info by trying checkers.
return the indent level of the string
Decorate passed in function and log message to module logger.
Total used size in percentage for volume
Flask application initialization.
Return a list of comment objects.
Main function of the module.
Run when a task is skipped.
check the use of an assert statement on a tuple.
Get the full object from spotify with a `href` attribute.
Add independent variable vector bounds if they are not in vector.
Remove consecutive delimiters.
Return a summary of the results.
Create a ChecklistItem object from JSON object
Add this object's information to the parser.
Create Flask app.
Return list of valid *path* segments.
Send a password reset to the user's email address.
Reject a pending connection.
Terminate the newly created process
Add function 'enrichr' argument parsers.
Checks memory usage when 'line' event occur.
Read a syntax-quote and set the syntax-quoting state in the reader.
Set icon based on resource values
Yield line numbers of unused imports.
Loads HTML page from location and then displays it
Return the link to the Jupyter nbviewer for the given notebook url
Print file fields to standard output.
construct a a raw SOAP XML string, given a prepared SoapEnvelope object
this function will be called on the engines
List of users of this slack team
Runs cProfile on a module.
Convert to another list type by replacing starting pattern.
write connection info to JSON dict in self.connection_file
Forces a parameter value to be text
Stop this client.
Reimplemented to use the 'run' magic.
On Windows, remove leading and trailing quotes from filenames.
Returns all errors found with the bundle.
Summarises paid items and payments.
Removes listeners from a domain model
Creates and return a thumbnail of a given size.
Returns the label of the selected item or an empty string if none
Yield code with useless "pass" lines removed.
Return a list of cameras.
Returns the width, in pixels, of a string in DejaVu Sans 110pt.
Does `fpath` indicate a file in one of our trees?
Reads the head of the las file and returns it
Parse args and pass them to pclass_func_validator.
Python 3 implementation of execfile.
Request new access information from reddit using the built in webserver
Returns a URL for a given Tree admin page type.
Converts an amount of money from one currency to another on a specified date.
Decode a PUBREL control packet.
Moves an issue_data from one namespace to another.
Callback function when spider is open.
Handle and check that some configuration index exists.
Get a notebook from the database.
Cleanup routine to shut down all subprocesses we opened.
Create a label for a board. Returns a new Label object.
Check namespace packages' __init__ for declare_namespace
Fetch an image from url and convert it into a Pillow Image object
Will be used to create the console script
return a relation ship or None
Converts a python dict to a namedtuple, saving memory.
Intern the value bound to the symbol `name` in namespace `ns`.
return True if message may be emitted using the current interpreter
Transform alias to system command string.
Export the svn repository at the url to the destination location
Return the notebook_id for a kernel_id or None.
This is called when a connection is lost - it attempts to reconnect to the server
Creates a new vector.
Call the method repeatedly such that it will raise an exception.
Return a Python AST Node for a `set!` expression.
Return a list of children sub-components that are column headings
init visit variable _accessed
Set the attribute value on the kmip.pie managed object.
Creates transactions for the specified input address.
Create a new code cell with input and output
Load a configuration module and return a Config
Regenerate the entry_points console_scripts for the named distribution.
Return copy of instance, omitting entries that are EMPTY
Reimplemented to add an action for raw copy.
Open and return a stream for the dataset contents.
Check the state of HTTP
Decode a CONNACK control packet.
Generate Python interpreter version entries for 2.x or 3.x series.
Load ``cron`` modules for applications listed in ``INSTALLED_APPS``.
Clears any state left in this checker from last module checked.
Restore data from the given path.
Returns a function object with the name given in string.
Creates elements sets corresponding to a surface.
Convert an AST concatenate op to python source code.
Collect entry points.
Base method for storage operations.
Calculates heatmap for package.
Render the widget.
Returns the CS as a ESRI WKT formatted string.
return the connection info for this object's sockets.
Handle the retrieval of the code
Create a secret link from request.
Simplify statements in the list
Turns response into a properly formatted json or text object
Given a prompt number, returns an HTML In prompt.
Function for logging method calls and parameters
Generates an invoice for the given cart.
Close this file.
Return the current content of the inactive-db.json file.
Build regression weights from model parameters.
Return True if the Var can be redefined.
Show a dialog to select a font
create temp directory.
parse gene_sets input file type
Produce potential paths for an h2o.jar executable.
Add the rule name
Same as readText but doesn't consume the stream.
Register unit object on interface level object
Check whether module possibly uses unsafe-for-zipfile stuff
For backwards compatibility.
Build a log message and reset the stats
Draw the Y-axis guidelines
Eliminate dead code from except try bodies.
check for empty except
Drop the mongo database given.
Appends HTML at the end of the console buffer.
Return the correspond floating point number.
Set 'copyright' and 'credits' in __builtin__
target func for use in spin_thread
Returns a list of PIDs currently running on the system.
Returns the Instruction object corresponding to the op for the node else None
Return a valid absolute path. filename can be relative or absolute.
Creates a new cross-service client.
Get the absolute path to the user config file.
Resolve a Basilisp symbol as a Var or Python name.
Returns a list of dicts representing issues from a remote service.
Setup coverage related extensions.
Run module tracing.
search the pylint rc file and return its path if it find it, else None
Performs completion at the current cursor location.
Handle alias input lines.
Transform a QuantumChannel to the Operator representation.
Return the context data for the included template.
Copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest
Converts queries to case insensitive for special fields.
Load all default schemas into `_SCHEMAS`.
Helper function that returns lines with extra information.
Return list of sections for the passed course SIS ID.
Validate the timestamp and nonce is used or not.
Pre-process list of variants.
Sets some details for internal handling.
Output a simple table with several columns.
Return the location where filtered images are stored.
Load a .py based config file by filename and path.
Broadcast an event to the database connections registered.
signatures are non deterministic
Set the name of all leaf nodes in the subtree to None.
Return system CPU times as a named tuple
Gets the offsets that occur as close as possible to the onsets in the given onset-front.
Get all file ids for a user.
``Description`` header must preserve newlines; all others need not
Return the training job info associated with job_name and print CloudWatch logs
Eagerly converts struct to Tensor, recursing upon failure.
Import several patches into the patch queue
Get the last n items in readline history.
Returns an image tensor.
Gets data from pipe
Handles adding a Subgraph to the main graph.
Returns a DataFrame of shooting stats.
Check whether pid exists in the current process table.
Print `msg` error and exit with status `exit_code`
Find all of the packages.
Load data in bulk for each embed block.
Reimplemented to return a custom context menu for images.
Returns info about selected SoapySDR device
Delete pool by a given name.
Starts all jobs and runs `the_task.py` in batches.
Parse argv for options and arguments, and start schema generation.
Enable or disable a breakpoint given its breakpoint number.
Prepare new csv writers, write title rows and return them.
Helper which expand_dims `is_accepted` then applies tf.where.
My permission factory.
Run 'func' under os sandboxing
make some basic checks on the inputs to make sure they are valid
Tells the box receiver to stop receiving boxes.
Wrapper for tf.Print which supports lists and namedtuples for printing.
Return the status of all servers.
Train the model in multi-GPU environment.
quit command when there's just one thread.
Remove duplicates in a list.
Wraps new_fn with the doc of original_fn.
Extracts the identifier from an item depending on its type.
Helper to merge which handles merging one value.
Factory method for Sender links.
Return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples.
alternative to os.
Decorator for Flask view functions.
Parse GDocs key from Spreadsheet url.
Use `msg` as a warning.
update self.config from a flag, which can be a dict or Config
Processes and saves a resized thumbnail version of the image.
Build an xsd simpleType out of a S_CDT.
Sends ACCEPT reply.
Returns a Redis connection.
Read the commits of a pack.
Fetch information about a repository.
display a section as text
Yields all links with the given relations
Check to see if we are still active.
Write a notebook to a file like object
Return a list of checkpoints for a given file
Read configuration from the `env_var` environment variable.
return whether this dependency has become impossible.
Get Dingding endpoint for sending message.
Initialize s3 access keys from environment variable or s3cfg config file.
Create and return a new instance.
Return the lib dir under the 'home' installation scheme
List the contents of a subdirectory of a zipfile
Gets a re-labeled clone of this expression.
return true if the function does nothing but raising an exception
set up ssh tunnels, if needed.
Build an attribute dictionary.
Import customer's service module.
Built a transformed-normal variational dist over a parameter's support.
Apply a function to tensors.
Return info about parent needed by child to unpickle process object
Performs the actual prefix, suffix, and pattern match operations.
Executes `model`, creating both samples and distributions.
Stop and remove a worker
Download the MNIST data if it doesn't exist in processed_folder already.
Validate `outcomes`, `logits` and `probs`'s shapes.
Create a named tuple from a BridgePoint enumeration.
Remove old entries from the cache
Verify that base_url specifies a protocol and network location.
Return a string representation of an object
parses a chunk of bytes to integer using big-endian representation
Propagate a mean through linear Gaussian transformation.
Delete display expression *display_number*
Helper returning the largest integer exactly representable by dtype.
Return 2 proton separation energy
Parse argv for options and arguments, and start schema generation.
The number of `params` needed to create a single distribution.
Factory function to make random variable given distribution class.
Find a webhook by name.
This class overrides this method
A shallow copy.
Handle debugger commands.
Include a hidden input to stored the serialized upload value.
Returns the string name for this `dtype`.
Convert a vector size to a matrix size.
Called from remote to ask if a call made to here is still in progress.
Return all parameters.
Check if the postponed evaluation of annotations is enabled
Set the default headers for all requests.
Relate this package component to the supplied part.
Verify that namespace packages are valid
Takes a snapshot of the database
End a group. See `begin_group` for more details.
Save the submission of a task.
extract subdict of keys
Write a notebook as base64.
A System Model contains top-level packages
Sync directory to directory.
generate HTML header content
Subtract the arg from the value.
return a Project from a list of files or modules
a light excepthook, adding a small message to the usual traceback
Run a set of InsertWorkers and record their performance.
Renders the widget as HTML.
Return a dictionary of words and word counts in a string.
Start collecting trace information.
Get the user public organizations
Get pull request requested reviewers
Returns a set of tuples with the perm name and view menu name
Build and return a *xtuml.MetaModel* containing previously loaded input.
Take care of command line options
Return package version as listed in `__version__` in `init.py`.
Make a symmetrical binary tree with @levels
Link has been destroyed.
Returns a batch of points chosen uniformly from the unit hypersphere.
abort my tasks.
Login handler, must accept both GET and POST to be able to use OpenID.
List the command categories and a short description of each.
Lookup observations by geo coordinates.
Numpy matmul wrapper.
Restore default values of options in this section.
Replace any config tokens with values from the config.
Tabulate log probabilities from a batch of distributions.
Implementation of the LOAD_NAME operation
Execute `then_branch` when training.
Consume digits of pi and compute 2 digits freq. counts.
Take an iterator and yield its contents in groups of `size` items.
Selects odd-even nuclei from the table
Returns a sorted list of the arcs in the code not executed.
Returns tuple with form data and files
Helper to `_covariance` and `_variance` which computes a shared scale.
Write PSD of one frequency hop
Shows a save dialog for the ImageResource with 'name'.
Returns the user's permissions.
Find links that correspond to the given arguments.
Set self.thermostats to a json list of thermostats from ecobee
Self destruct task if state has been moved away from running externally
Recalls names of all explored parameters
Helper function for secant square.
Special method to call a cell magic with the data stored in self.
Designed to be passed as the default kwarg in simplejson.dumps.  Serializes dates and datetimes to ISO strings.
Execute the correct handler depending on what is connecting.
Run as a command-line script.
Returns the team ID of the winning team. Returns NaN if a tie.
Removes an edge from the graph. Returns the deleted edge or None.
Return files in a directory.
Error handler function. Translates an error code into an exception.
step eventloop just once
Get the required 'auth' from the user and return as a dict.
This function executes planarRad using the batch file.
Apply all patches in series file
Helper which processes input args to meet list-like assumptions.
Run Presto Query on Athena
If there are edits to the current input buffer, store them.
Common initialization for all BackgroundJob objects
Adds all neuron group parameters to `traj`.
convert .pyx extensions to .c
Error checking for void* returns that might be empty with no error
Returns True if only a single class is being run or some tests within a single class
Parse some data.
Create a new shell stream.
Show all panels for a case.
Uses cached client or create new one with specific token.
Returns a list of users for the given course id.
Check that a binary operator is surrounded by exactly one space.
Enable a given scan field.
Recursively parse requirements from nested pip files.
Fetch an egg needed for building
Accept a list of tokens. Returns matched nodes of self.obj.
Test if a matrix is positive semidefinite
Unregister a checker instance.
Return whether this process is running.
Attempt to sync with the ConnectorDB server
Return icon for index.
Returns set of the ancestors of a node as DAGNodes.
create a partitioner in the engine namespace
Add a func to the cmd chain with given priority
Validate generic options for a particular target
Return a set from the input stream.
Apply a command-line option.
Starts an internal match or a match against one or all MME external nodes
Required method to auto register this checker.
Collect Python starred arguments into a Basilisp list.
Decode the data passed in and potentially flush the decoder.
Generate list of ops to implement a SWAP gate along a coupling edge.
Inserts new continuation prompt using the specified cursor.
Return True if the parser can consume an EOL byte sequence.
Parse a char in parameter list
Returns True if a deep water model can be built, or False otherwise.
Measure a dimension of a mesh
Prepare argparser object. New options will be added in this function first.
Save the resource to the source file
Return the bytes for a Basilisp bytecode cache file.
Check lower-cased email is unique.
Fetch and return new child items.
Generic fuzz mutator, use a decorator for the given type
Internal ``RUN_TASK`` consumer to run the task's callable
Connect to port item on subunit
Checks if the node is a bare exception name from an except block.
Returns repository and project.
The supplementary files of this notebook
Return files opened by process as a list of namedtuples.
Method sleeps, if nothing to do
When to end the optimization based on input option.
Implementation of UNIX nslookup.
Make a WSGI app that has all the HTTPie pieces baked in.
Retrieve the config as a dictionary of key-value pairs.
Handles static files requests.
Read a single byte from the specified device.
Dump the oauth2server tokens.
Get name in HDL
Receiver for request-accepted signal.
Build and execute login request
Write the coverage data to `filename`.
Return a list of parameter objects.
Return the AES mode, or a list of valid AES modes, if mode == None
Run in transform mode.
Decode something with SECRET_KEY.
append func with given arguments and keywords.
Returns the current db session
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Sets the fields.
Prettifies the dictionary of metrics.
Construct a OAuth2 object from a `spotify.Client`.
check that a node is inside a for or while loop
Split a line into arguments using shlex and a dequoting routine.
Validate min and max bounds are within waveform's independent variable vector.
Error check the attributes of the ActivateRequestPayload object.
make a layout with some stats about duplication
enable or disable all menu items
Return a Python AST node for a function with multiple arities.
Visit named imports.
Build a file path from *paths* and return the contents.
a heart just beat
Still unsure about best way to do this, hence cruft.
Output the parent-child relations to the given file
Generate an HTML file for one source file.
Revoke an access or refresh token.
Returns a completed report as a list of csv strings.
Record the first non-junk token at the start of a line.
Remove the key from the request cache and from memcache.
Return a pkg_resources.Distribution built from self.egg_info_path
Write a notebook to a file like object
Return True if given Distribution is installed in user site.
Adds an attachment to this card.
Parses a database URL.
Verify checksum and strip header and footer of received frame.
Fits X to outcomes y, using clf and cv_method
extract relation ships between nodes in the diagram
A list of Theano variables used in this loss.
Receives an item and returns a dictionary of field values.
Use the serial block definitions in V3 and V4 to create one field list.
generate single escape sequence mapping.
Converts markdown content to text
Encodes a single span to JSON.
Return the list of file to delete.
Authenticate via an api key.
Dumps different debug info about cluster to default logger
Build the list structure and return the root list
Recursive part of the formatting
Return True if we're running inside a virtualenv, False otherwise.
Multiple algorithm-compatible token validation.
Returns the scaling values of x, y, z as a numpy array
Existing engine with ident `uid` became unavailable.
Create a crash handler, typically setting sys.excepthook to it.
Create the rst string to download supplementary data
Save to file.
Adds an error to the given product's field
Adds two trits together, with support for a carry trit.
save the wave log
renders context aware template
Return True if this is part of a multiline statement.
When dealing with a Top-Level window position it absolute lower-right
Initializes profiler with a function.
Get reverse direction of ordering.
Update token's expiration datetime on every auth action.
Mutate a generic object based on type
load connection info from JSON dict in self.connection_file
Parse template content. Create self.name and self.arguments.
Clock tick called every self.inter
The default Renderer function which handles HoloViews objects.
Return the channel dict given by human-readable {name}
Runs cProfile on a package.
Associate the given client data with the item at position n.
Yield line numbers of unneeded "pass" statements.
Returns whether the bundle is valid.
Get the base directory where IPython itself is installed.
Reimplemented to make a history request and load %guiref.
Return all thumbnails in a dict format.
Maps a domain model to the diagram
Shows the history of payments into the system
Reads the 4 first bytes of the stream to check that is LASF
handle an unmet dependency
Does `fpath` match one of our filename patterns?
Check whether the tokens are set and request new ones if not
Monkey-patch tempfile.tempdir with replacement, ensuring it exists
Find nodes in rhs having common parents in lhs.
Returns the status of Home Mode
Returns the width, in pixels, of a string in DejaVu Sans 110pt.
The winner of this board if one exists.
Generate the hosts file, the plain list and the splitted lists.
Compute the return of the currency between two dates
Node constructor to be used in tags.
Given a list of values and names, accepts the index value or name.
Refresh the list of blocks to the disk, collectively
Display debug information for the storage
Helper function to record errors to the flawless backend
Save a vectorized image to file.
return visible attributes, possibly with class name
Keep our history and outstanding attributes up to date after a method call.
Build a notebook model from database record.
Return filenames for package's data files in 'src_dir'
Create a list for a board. Returns a new List object.
produces rst from nose help
Parse a whole document into a string.
Return the value of the `*print-generated-python*` dynamic variable.
return the help string for the given message id
Creates a new vector from members.
Gets the cached clients dictionary in current context.
Start a new kernel.
Called when the websocket is opened
Create a new code cell with input and output
Sign inputs in a finalized bundle.
Returns a node given an ID or None if no such node exists.
Register resources with the ResourceManager.
Custom draws the label when transparent background is needed
Return a Python AST Node for a `throw` expression.
Error check the attributes of the ActivateRequestPayload object.
Set the given node as accessed.
Convert an AST exclude op to python source code.
Converts a node set to surface.
Given an object with a docstring, return the first line of the docstring
Generate Python interpreter version entries.
Decorator for metric registration.
Print a friendly message.
return the dictionary defining an option given its name
Full URL to the dataset contents.
Reimplemented for execution interruption and smart backspace.
Decode a SUBSCRIBE control packet.
Query to get the value.
Get a value from process, return tuple of value, res if succesful
Walk statements and compare if they can be merged into one statement list
Shorthand access to the color table scheme selector method.
Returns the CS as a OGC WKT formatted string.
Confirm that senders email is valid.
Helper method to get a value from the config
Constructs ``FileGroup`` instance from group information.
Reload frame information from the backend H2O server.
Formats heatmap for UI.
Helper function for loading JSON data verbatim into model.
track default top level window for toolbox menu default action
Build an observation_noise_fn that observes a Tensor timeseries.
Format the old format so it can be merged into the newer format.
Return a list of non-empty lines from `file_path`.
Return a textual description of the segment.
Reimplemented for IPython-style prompts.
Handles the message shown when we are ratelimited
Applies the user's credit notes to the given invoice on creation.
Get info for all filters.
Jupyter Notebook magic repr function.
Walk an unpacked egg's contents, skipping the metadata directory
Draw the X-axis guidelines
Perform post-construction operations.
Register interface object on interface level object
Evaluate the hook by its name
Create a tree.Seq
Show a dialog to pick a color
Remove reader metadata from the form's meta map.
Print the contents of this table.
create temp directory.
set cpu numbers to be used
DEPRECATED after 0.8
Sets the font to the default fixed-width font for this platform.
Return True if Cython or Pyrex can be imported.
Delete all indexes for the database
Returns the nth rest sequence of coll, or coll if i is 0.
Return true if the given statement node raise an exception
Bootstrap a new module with imports and other boilerplate.
Return extra config options to be passed to the TrelloIssue class
Wrap tabulate inside a function for TabularOutputFormatter.
Return a new circuit that has been optimized.
Return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples.
stop background spin_thread, if any
pymongo expects a dict
Checks if the url contains S3. Not an accurate validation of the url
Transform a QuantumChannel to the Stinespring representation.
Execute the line in a shell, empty return value
Shows a call tip, if appropriate, at the current cursor location.
Tokenize a document and add an annotation attribute to each token
Rendering of the tag. It either assigns the value as variable, or renders it.
Define trace parameters.
register an options provider
Show all alias symbols and how they map to ids
Pre-process list of SV variants.
Return section resource for given sis id.
Validate if the redirect_uri is allowed by the client.
Return the transpose of the QuantumChannel.
Register command line options
Like the plaintext attribute but returns a generator
Initialize the database connection.
generate default config file from Configurables
Build the filters and sizers for a field.
get all msg_ids, ordered by time submitted.
Renames the tree node
Returns `True` if `args` should be expanded as `*args`.
Execute the python dataflow job.
Creates the dirname and inserts a .version file
Recompute this distribution's dependencies.
Re-encrypt a row from ``table`` with ``id`` of ``row_id``.
Removes all points in the fronts that overlap with the segmentation mask.
Return process cmdline as a list of arguments.
Decorator that protect methods with HTTP authentication.
Sign this with a private key
Create a command that calls the given function.
Print the dict returned by a MongoDB Query in the standard output.
Promote engine to listening kernel, accessible to frontends.
Returns a DataFrame of advanced stats.
Handles adding a Cluster to the main graph.
Downloads the sprites data and returns the saved filepath.
Acquires a lock before storage and releases it afterwards.
Initialize logging in case it was requested at the command line.
Serialize a value from an xtuml metamodel instance.
Create a pool with a given parameters.
Sophisticated simulation of multiplication
Setup command line parser
Start n copies of the process using a batch system.
Perform validation of the widget data
Helper to `choose` which expand_dims `is_accepted` and applies tf.where.
Send buffered metrics in batch requests
method to subscribe a user to a service
Use this to set what file to read from.
A utility function of concatenate.
Performs bisection and updates the interval.
Add admin global context, for compatibility with Django 1.7
Builds a bridge and associates it with an AMP protocol instance.
Helper function for statically evaluating predicates in `cond`.
Get crate team owner
Returns a job to its source job set to be run again later.
Return True if we are looking at a class definition statement
Login into Google Docs with user authentication info.
Email is available in separate method so second request is needed.
Validate the given 1-based page number.
Use the raw Win32 handle of sys.stdin to do non-blocking reads
Converts nested `tuple`, `list`, or `dict` to nested `tuple`.
Rejects the SenderLink, and destroys the handle.
Retrieve the file paths stored under the base path.
Update references removing old ones.
Convert native python ``datetime.time`` object  to a format supported by the API
Remove global instances, e.g. the core data type integer.
Build an xsd simpleType out of a S_EDT.
Decrement the count by one
Load the config file into self.config, with recursive loading.
Return the source file for `filename`.
Read a notebook from a file like object
Notify the queue that this task is still active.
Turn a command-line argument into a list.
Check the new string formatting.
Obtain the default value for some *type name*.
Connect to S3 storage
Helper method that binds parameters to a SQL query.
Represent this dependency as a dict. For json compatibility.
Read config values from `kwargs`.
Get the content of a checkpoint.
Get the context to render this widget with.
Pretty print the object's representation.
Returns True if the given node is an object from the __builtin__ module.
Compiles this expression into SQL.
Process the astroid node stream.
Get specified split of data.
Run an optimizer within the graph to minimize a loss function.
Uses re to pull out the assigned value to __version__ in filename.
Implement celery workers using json and redis
20 newsgroups as a tf.data.Dataset.
Adds an entity to the session.
Wait for the cache to be empty before resizing the pool.
Respond to inbound webhook JSON HTTP POSTs from Webex Teams.
Optimize by SGD, AdaGrad, or AdaDelta.
Create a python function from a BridgePoint bridge.
Get a list of num_components batchwise probabilities.
Download the EMNIST data if it doesn't exist in processed_folder already.
Propagate a filtered distribution through a transition model.
partition the data into chunks and retrieve the chunk at the given index
All python files caller's dir without the path and trailing .py
Return 1 proton separation energy
Helper returning True if dtype is known to be signed.
display any items that are active
This class overrides this method
Get the ngrok public HTTP URL from the local client API.
Returns `max` or `mask` if `max` is not finite.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Rip the events from a given rss feed, normalize the data and store.
Returns the number of bytes to represent this `dtype`.
Configure from cli and run the server
Remove memory of state variables set in the command processor
A shallow copy of this ordered bidict.
Decode given representation.
Main command line entry point.
Numpy implementation of `tf.argsort`.
Flush data that is left in the buffer.
Deletes old stellar tables that are not used anymore
Convert a path to its canonical, case-normalized, absolute version.
Return a list of parts related to this one via reltype.
Parse Retry-After header from response if it is set.
return a string which represents imports as a tree
generate javascript code for the chart
Calculate MD5 hash code for a local file
Progress to the next identifier, and return the current one.
Split an API file path into directory and name.
Add a new Task Record, by msg_id.
save the result of a completed task.
Returns an aggregator connection.
Add detail from traceback inspection to error message of a failure.
Return an iterator on interfaces implemented by the given class node.
Multiply the arg with the value.
Escape the error, and wrap it in a span with class ``error-message``
Populate a *metamodel* with entities previously encountered from input.
Convert an array of time durations in seconds to the specified time unit.
Get pull request commit hashes
Get the user information and update the user cache
Called on new threads, installs the real tracer.
Perform the completion with the currently selected item.
We need to override this method to fix Facebooks naming deviation.
timedelta.total_seconds was added in 2.7
Peer has closed its end of the session.
Returns explict dtype from `args_list` if exists, else preferred_dtype.
Submit jobs via client where G describes the time dependencies.
Gets the help text for the command. If its not supplied the doc string is used.
Send msg to LightwaveRF hub.
Decode AQICN observation response JSON into python object.
Helper to compute stddev, covariance and variance.
help for subcommands.
Skip N batches in the training.
Pop the **n** topmost items from the stack and return them as a ``list``.
Configure the Python logging module for this file.
Multiply tensor of vectors by matrices.
django_any birds language parser
Get list of TensorArrays holding exchanged states, and zeros.
Returns a sorted list of the arcs actually executed in the code.
Selects even-odd nuclei from the table
Limit a document to just the three fields we should upload.
Plot two digits frequency counts using matplotlib.
Write api tokens to a file
Respond to executor events.
Get the metaclass for a *class_or_instance*.
Modify the user's permissions.
Insert raw SVG data into the widet.
Convert integration time to number of repeats
Adds an edge to the graph.
Get an output file name as input
Load the view on first load could also load based on session, group, etc..
Closes the existing database connection and re-opens it.
broadcast a message from one engine to all others.
Stores a all explored parameter names for internal recall
Helper function for secant-square step.
Replace the current history with a sequence of history items.
Apply next patch in series file
Cancel the submitted athena query
Helper to broadcast `volatility_parts` to the shape of `state_parts`.
This function hides the error message when all values are correct.
Build the message params.
Publish the code request on the pyin stream.
Get a child with a specified name.
Delete a directory.
Error checking for void* returns
watch iopub channel, and print messages
Attach this connection's default database to the context using our alias.
Adds all neuron group parameters to `traj`.
Print a status of all jobs currently being managed.
When consumer confirm the authrozation.
Return a list of published courses for the passed account SIS ID.
Update panel to a new version.
Convert the result back into the input type.
Create a new hb stream.
Set the parse_deb field.
Production for a full selector.
Verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list
The process executable path. May also be an empty string.
Create the default handlers.
Test if an array is a Hermitian matrix
Check if gene is already added to a panel.
check the node line number and check it if not yet done
Receive message from socket interface as list of OrderedDict.
Apply command-line options.
Return a main config value, or default if it does not exist.
Return a map from the input stream.
Return item at *index*.
Stops the background synchronization thread
Configure which kinds of exceptions trigger plugin.
Callback for _system.
Remove all of the ancestor operation nodes of node.
Renders the template and fires the signal
Convenience method that returns a cursor for the prompt position.
Returns a sorted list of physical_qubits
check the node has any spelling errors
Initialize the dynamic `*ns*` variable in the Namespace `which_ns`.
Show all MatchMaker matches for a given case
connet signal from internal side of of this component to this port
Fetch and return new child items.
Check for a task state like `docker service ps id`
Internal ``CLOCK_CHANNEL`` consumer to process task runs
Spawn a new process using subprocess
Add main function 'gsea' argument parsers.
Measures mesh geometry, aabb and topology.
Generate C# declaration file for a schema.
Read the next full form from the input stream.
Create a gui2py window based on the python resource
Parse a node name in parameter list
Attach a method to a class.
Logic behind autosave under Travis CI.
Do an optimization.
The code example out of the notebook metadata
for each variant, yields evidence and associated phenotypes, both current and suggested
cleans up and stops the discovery server
Return the number of threads belonging to the process.
Reports a violation if exc_info keyword is used with logging.error or logging.exception.
Function to handle sessions for a GET request
Connect receivers to signals.
Deprecated, use self.pformat instead.
Read the coverage data from `filename`.
Push data to interface
Get bibdocs to check.
Handles HTTP GET requests.
Find and parse config file, storing all variables in ``self._config``.
Open the smbus interface on the specified bus.
Check that any loop with an else clause has a break statement.
Construct a OAuth2 URL instead of an OAuth2 object.
Load model parameters from self.load_path
Get first sentence of first paragraph of long description.
Parse a docstring into ParameterInfo and ReturnInfo objects.
Connectivity builder using Numba for speed boost.
Handle the results of the API call
Download and save price online
Time to run.
Connect to MQTT broker
insert func with given arguments and keywords.
Encode something with SECRET_KEY.
Return line terminator data begins with or None.
Marshal cmd line args into a requirement set.
Read all the rows and return a dict of the results.
add a new handler for heart failure
overridden from install_lib class
Load the object to which this entry point refers.
Return a Python AST Node for a `fn` expression.
This will be called to let the editor do something with the first key
Ensure the client is authorized access to requested scopes.
Get the text to display when the field is empty.
Compute a hash that changes if the file needs to be re-reported.
Inject default arguments for load functions.
Returns whether text can be cut to the clipboard.
Returns the valid offsets for the token at the given position.
This function is used to format the key value as a multi-line string maintaining the line breaks
Determines which method of getting the query object for use
Sets the class_weight of the classifier to match y
Parses all data from the source, saving model instances.
Select a random sample of n items from xs.
Adds a comment to this card by the current user.
Binds the request context to the current context.
Add header, checksum and footer to command data.
Complete files that end in .py or .ipy for the %run command.
Set the databases files to delete.
Add basic authentication to the requests of the clients.
Remove duplicates from the stack in first-seen order.
Required initialization call, wraps pyserial constructor.
Encodes the current span to thrift.
returns a fully qualified app domain name
Create a token referencing the object id with extra data.
Returns the effective username of the current process.
Get information fot this organisation. Returns a dictionary of values.
initialize the profile dir
New engine with ident `uid` became available.
Sets de maximum values of x, y, z as a numpy array
Decorator which wraps checks and returns an error response on failure.
The function will return True if the r tag passed in is considered bold.
Return True if import is spans multiples lines.
Returns the pyth item data associated with the item
Creates a form for specifying fields from a model to display.
Allow direct use of GridOut GridFS file wrappers as endpoint responses.
Create the python script from the notebook node
get parent from obj.
Connect to the database, and create tables if necessary.
Given a URI, returns a properly-configured adapter instance.
Validate `email` and send a request to confirm it.
Get column which is being order by.
Ask Skype for the authenticated user's identifier, and store it on the connection object.
Get the command line option parser.
Initializes profiler with a package.
load the selected item in the property editor
Read incoming message.
System virtual memory as a namedutple.
Remove mean and divide by standard deviation, using bayes_kvm statistics.
Allows staff to extend the reservation on a given user's cart.
Add comment message to a specified object.
Retrieve the data from the database.
Create a new keyword.
only use for gsea heatmap
run enrichr for one sample gene list but multi-libraries
save a connection dict to json file.
Return a polyglot attack containing the original object
Retreive preview results for ID.
Add pop-up information to a point on the graph.
Handle requests for raw_input.
Read and return the dataset contents as a pandas DataFrame.
Load a spec from either a file path or a fully qualified name.
Encode and store a DISCONNECT control packet.
attempt to parse a size in bytes from a human-readable string.
Classify a line into a type of object.
Checks calls to logging methods.
Handle the backend of the given status.
Write many bytes to the specified device. buf is a bytearray
Convert to equivalent StandardScaler
Parses the GeoTiff VLRs information into nicer structs
mod.{subname} = submod
The cached token of the current tenant.
Render a template and send as email.
Validate response from YOURLS server.
return the usage string for available options
Call all plugins, yielding each item in each non-None result.
Reimplemented to paint the background panel.
Return a TensorFlow saver from a checkpoint containing the metagraph.
The name of the current blueprint
Stop the heartbeating and cancel all related callbacks.
Substitutes symbols in CLDR number pattern.
Canvas POST method.
Verify if the realms match the requested realms.
Eliminate dead code from except handler bodies.
Check if a class node is a typing.NamedTuple class
Performs completion with 'items' at the specified cursor location.
Read a local path, with special support for directories
Return the first line number of the statement including `line`.
Remove a file, and don't get annoyed if it doesn't exist.
Return the maximum file descriptor value.
List the contents of the archive directory.
Remove reader metadata from the form's meta map.
Build the full url to the API endpoint
Return motion settings matching camera_id.
Print USAGE help.
Creates a virtual column which is the equivalent of numpy.arange, but uses 0 memory
Returns the data as numpy.array from each partition.
Get user accounts Invenio 1.
Dump the class data in the format of a .netrc file.
Print some useful infos from Redis DB.
Returns the minimum file version that supports the given point_format_id
Save a message for later submission when its dependencies are met.
Set a key `k` to value `v`
Convert a Snowplow enriched event in the form of an array of fields into a JSON
Yield distributions accessible on a sys.path directory
Draw this shape with the given cairo context
List command to use if we have a newer pydb installed
Prints all currently defined configurations.
Waits until queue is empty.
Import prices from CSV file
Returns an Abaqus INP formated string for a given linear equation.
Calls the JSON-RPC endpoint.
get label rdd from ImageFrame
Simply merge the older into the new one.
function that connect each other one sequence of MatchExpr.
Pass in raw arguments, instantiate Slack API and begin client.
Log response from an API request.
Runs statistical profiler on a package.
Export metadata as YAML. This uses yaml.SafeDumper by default.
Run my loop, ignoring EINTR events in the poller
Total CPU load for Synology DSM
Clock tick called every self.inter
Construct SimBitsT with cache
Compose a statsd compatible string for a metric's measurement.
Fast %Y-%m-%d parsing.
Reimplemented to support IPython's improved completion machinery.
Returns a TryteString representation of the transaction.
Create a new metadata node.
Shows all of the invoices in the system.
Deletes a thumbnail file and its relevant metadata.
Sets the font.
Find an object already created
Returns list of assertions related to `lu_solve` assumptions.
Process a custom unitary node.
Return line if used, otherwise return None.
Convert stream item sentences to character ``Offset``s.
Pop a PLY lexer off the stack.
Chop a sequence into chunks of the given size.
Helper to write the JSON configuration to a file
Run a Basilisp script or a line of code, if it is provided.
Extract request params.
Display a specific STR variant.
Returns a tuple that identifies the task instance uniquely
Get all Clinvar submissions for a user and an institute
Generate a Python AST node for Python interop method calls.
update the column attributes to add the appropriate renderer
find similarities in the two given linesets
Return True if file matches exclude pattern.
Semantic validations of the qobj which cannot be done via schemas.
Generate a legacy script wrapper and install it
Generates a filter chain for validating a security level.
Delete a specific resource by name
Update the current Operator by apply an instruction.
Send output turn on command to the alarm.
Optionally exclude lines that match '--skip-requirements-regex'
Get the items for this checklist. Returns a list of ChecklistItem objects.
Compose link to Beacon Network.
Check that the image width is superior to `width`
Qt.py command-line interface
parse the body and any `else` block of `if` and `for` statements
Pickle the Dataset instance to the provided file.
Refer var in this namespace under the name sym.
write a class diagram
Export a list of genes based on hpo terms
Transform Kraus representation to Stinespring representation.
Place the runtime requirements from pkg_info into metadata.
Purge all database records for the current user.
update the splitter and readline delims when greedy is changed
called to inform about synced peers
Cancel all started queries that have not yet completed
Workaround to get timeout in the ATMT.timeout class method.
Find a metaclass of some *kind* in the metamodel.
Closely emulate the interactive Python console.
Converts a dictionnary to a pandas dataframe
Schedule a job in the given queue.
Retrieve logged in user info
checks to make sure that the card passes a luhn mod-10 checksum
The pprint for classes and types.
Decodes raw bytecode, yielding `Instruction`s.
use values in opts data to generate instances of publication services.
Start n engines by profile or profile_dir.
Find functions with step decorator in parsed file
Build an xsd complex element out of a O_OBJ, including its O_ATTR.
Allocates a call id and emit.
Default filters for model
Substitute constants in expression unless it is already a number.
Matrices are equal if they hash to the same value.
Checks if outer data structure is supported.
Implementation of 'coverage run'.
Update an existing device
Format a string for latex inclusion.
Handles a list of edges being set.
remove first and last lines to get only json
Checks the validity of the concentration parameter.
Find path for given workspace and|or repository.
Create a pyxtuml association from a simple association in BridgePoint.
Compute first glimpse position using down-sampled image.
strptime with the Webex Teams DateTime format as the default.
Closes both socket and server connection.
Returns the model properties as a dict
Computes the log-normalizer of the distribution.
Send a Timer metric calculating duration of execution of the provided callable
Disconnects the given protocol.
Uses arg names to resolve distribution names.
Clean up the saved state.
Create a shared theano scalar value.
Terminate a process and its descendants.
Returns a queue object
Returns a `np.dtype` based on this `dtype`.
Write down buffer to the file.
Returns a random color between min and max.
validate a potentially nested collection of urls.
Disable all other checkers and enable Python 3 warnings.
Learnable Deterministic distribution over positive reals.
Find nodes matching the given xpath query
Internal instance method run by worker process to actually run the task callable.
Stop when connection is lost.
Upgrade the given database to revision.
determine engine count from `engines` dict
Get a list of all msg_ids in our DB records
Return a capabilities url
Call the OpsgenieAlertHook to post message
attachments should be a list of paths
visit one class and add it to diagram
Add a new Task Record, by msg_id.
Ensure data is prepped properly before handing off to ImageField.
Fire the traits events when the config is updated.
Do actions after construct, but before starting the app.
Returns the dictionary of CORS specific app configurations.
Copy sys.modules onto my mod stack
Check if a file exists.
Return an iterator on an object living on a remote engine.
Handler for cp command
Call the DiscordWebhookHook to post message
If two given states and momentum do not exhibit a U-turn pattern.
If arg is an int, use that otherwise take default.
Runs a job set which consists of the jobs in an iterable job list.
Applies a sequence of slice or copy-with-overrides operations to `dist`.
Get number of elements of `x` in `axis`, as type `x.dtype`.
Return disk partitions.
Returns the rendered URL of the chart
Return files opened by process.
``True`` if credentials are valid, ``False`` if expired.
returns whether this record should be printed
Check whether we should break here because of `b.funcname`.
Recursively replace `dict`s with `_PrettyDict`.
Returns a single percentage value for coverage.
Yields one string, concatenation of argument strings
Descover and load greencard tests.
Build the transition matrix for a semi-local linear trend model.
Sample outputs from LM.
Creates weighted `LinOp` from existing `LinOp`.
Import customer's service modules.
Create inner loop variables.
Get the documentation that the server sends for the API.
Read digits of pi from a file and compute the n digit frequencies.
Returns an OGR Geometry for this envelope.
Finish up all displayhook activities.
Condition to stop when any batch member converges, or all have failed.
Get a random date between two dates
Forward the close event to every tabs contained by the windows
Sample shape of random variable as a `TensorShape`.
dumps one element to file_obj, a file opened in write mode
Return a string representation of an object
Build fake MNIST-style data for unit testing.
Create the message to turn switch on.
Delete object corresponding to path.
Convert a MySQL TIMESTAMP to a Timestamp object.
Checks for alternative index-url in pip.conf
Get the representation of a notebook in format by notebook_id.
Builds an Iterator switching between train and heldout data.
Queries cassandra and returns a cursor to the results.
Thread worker for download operation.
Reimplemented to the store history.
Process lines when they start with %%, which marks cell magics.
insert default options to sys.argv
Verify that self.install_dir is .pth-capable dir, if needed
Retrieves the last cached message for specified event from a specific device.
Return a header string with proper colors.
Append raw SVG data to the widget.
Checks that the given widget contains the required fields
Serialize some xtuml *resource*, e.g. an instance or a complete metamodel.
Defines any necessary secrets for the pod executor
Clean up temp files
Makes a function which applies a list of Bijectors' `forward`s.
optik callback for printing full documentation
Sets up the command history, and starts regular autosaves.
Return an approximate number of queued tasks in the queue.
Draw the given figure and send it as a PNG payload.
Take an iterator and yield its contents in groups of `size` items.
categories variable must be a list
Common routine for reporting debugger error messages.
Uses hostname and other info to construct an SSH command.
Creates the condition function pair for an outside contraction.
Remote has closed the session used by this link.
Calculates the asymptotic series used in log_ndtr.
Wraps the object in a list, and then defers to ``amp.AmpList``.
Save parameters to file.
Routine which gets run if we were invoked directly
Retrieve questions from older to newer updated starting offset
Generate a new seed, from the given seed and salt.
Returns the EPSG ID as int if it exists.
Find a symbol in the symbol table by name, kind, or both.
Show specific workspace.
The number of `params` needed to create a single distribution.
The number of `params` needed to create a single distribution.
Output DSMR data to console.
DEPRECATED -  use `formula` instead
Register command-line options.
Adds commit information to the trajectory.
Gets the object's children.
Reimplemented to emit signals instead of making callbacks.
Release the lock.
Renders the contents of the zone with given zone_id.
Write the XML job description to a file.
Find tab fields listed as invalid
Single run wrapper for the frozen pool, makes a single run and passes kwargs
Return kernel loop nest including any preceding pragmas and following swaps.
FAB leaves faulty permissions that need to be cleaned up
Create the field type mapping.
Check the model for integrity violations on an association in a particular direction.
Writes data from buffer to logger
Acquire the lock to read
given an element, parse out the proper ContentType
Handle the `files = !ls` syntax.
Initializes Stellar configuration.
Returns a safe build_prefix
Add a number of months to a timestamp
Create a function for the response of a layer.
Should we silence the display hook because of ';'?
Decorator for converting PathOutsideRoot errors to 404s.
Return the average brightness of the image.
Assign a value, remove if it's None
Decorator to log user actions
Return JSON data about genes.
output a full documentation in ReST format
Custom json dump using the custom encoder above.
Parse a string or file-like object into a tree
Run by housekeeper thread
front half of sphere
Add an existing label to this card.
Return True if the extracted wheel in wheeldir should go into purelib.
Console script for satel_integra.
get all msg_ids, ordered by time submitted.
Override ``_deserialize`` for customizing the exception raised.
Load feature data from a 2D ndarray on disk.
return all module nodes in the diagram
Resolve the names of outputs for this layer into shape tuples.
Opens the source file.
Export all genes from the database
Given an X.509 certificate, extract and return all common names.
check modules attribute accesses
check if all top menus are enabled
Return a Python AST Node for a `loop*` expression.
Search for HPO terms.
Returns the task instances for this dag run
Returns set of format tags.
Signs the given string.
Jupyter Notebook magic repr function.
Read a file and close it.  Returns the file source.
Return a Numpy.array for the U3 gate.
Send a delete request to the given path of the CRUD API. This deletes the object. Or at least tries to.
Return the contents of a data file of ours.
Return a new circuit that has been optimized.
convert the fields of the object into a dictionnary
Persist the authorization code.
Return a metric, optionally configured with labels.
Draws the component bounds for testing purposes
Save the thumbnail image
Applies the voucher with the given code to this cart.
Output profiler report.
Prompts the user to enter their seed via stdin.
Add options to command line.
Returns a Zobrist hash of the current position.
Recieve a streamer for a given file descriptor.
Yield line numbers of duplicate keys.
Deprecated in 0.8+
Create LBfgsOptimizerResults with initial state of search procedure.
Remove all the item from the list and unset the related data
Returns memory stats for a function.
Imports a data file within the 'h2o_data' folder.
Raise errors encountered by the server.
Provide a useful representation of the register.
Gues resource usage by HWProcess
Starts the timer for this source
Password reset email handler.
Evaluate dotted expressions at runtime.
Fuzz all elements inside the object
Parse into the Price entity, ready for saving
Munge A and B reads into single serial block with only unique fields.
Used for exporting minimal dataset. DON'T USE.
Create the Kernel object itself
Manages not only TreeAdmin URLs but also TreeItemAdmin URLs.
Backup the mined informations.
Dump the trained weights from a model to a HDF5 file.
Return a list of valid examples for the given schema.
will get the axis mode for the current series
Clear profiler statistics.
Main function for pyssim.
Process a brotli stream.
Return string representing the name of this type.
Generate the string data that for this particular t tag.
Write changed .pth file back to disk
Update the current label's name. Returns a new Label object.
64bit counter aggregator with wrapping
Configures the xunit plugin.
Returns the date of file creation as a python date object
Creates an NxN element of the Gaussian Orthogonal Ensemble
This method is called for every value change of any signal.
Get the commit objects parent Import or Migration
Returns the list of streams that belong to the device
Return if more data available for *index*.
Run lines of code in IPythonApp.exec_lines in the user's namespace.
unwrap exception, and remap engine_id to int.
Accepts both integers and empty values.
Read a namespaced token from the input stream.
Update and check the number of nested blocks
Return the value of k in m. Return default if k not found in m.
Handle currencyFormat subdirectives.
Scrolls the viewport so that the specified cursor is at the top.
Returns median cost function return value for all members
Builds a query for included terms in a text search.
Redirect uri for this request token.
Get information about a single role, for the passed account SIS ID.
Checks if an import node is in the context of a conditional.
Identify strongly connected components then perform a topological sort of those components.
Return minimal quantum of a number, as defined by precision.
Save the weights of the trainable variables, each one in a different file in output_path.
Calls the enabled transformers in order of increasing priority.
Kill the current process.
Checks whether path belongs to standard library or installed modules.
Display info about playbook statistics.
Verify token and save in session if it's valid.
Average temperature of all disks making up the volume
Store multiple lines as a single entry in history
Return a list of wikilink objects.
Write the password in the file.
Write the text to the stream and flush immediately.
Get current user.
Add this object's information to the parser.
Read the code and update all links.
check whether or not the lambda is suspicious
Parse mathematical expression using PyParsing.
Build unit math operations.
Formats object count.
Add function 'biomart' argument parsers.
Display or hide the window, optionally disabling all other windows
Read a quoted form from the input stream.
Send a validation email to the user's email address.
Finalize options to be used.
Parse the command line and start PyJFuzz
Accept a pending connection.
Query for Data object annotation.
Example of printing the current upstream.
Fetchs all available rows from the cursor.
Discover systems using WS-Discovery
Yield standard module names.
Convenience function for accessing tag parameters
The pods, assumptions, and warnings of this result.
Create response class for Flask.
List all files versioned by git in the current directory.
Send the given command thru the websocket
Extended euclidean algorithm to find modular inverses for integers
Return True if `name` is a considered as an archive file.
Raises an exception if value for ``key`` is empty.
Signs the given string and also attaches a time information.
Return a Python AST node for `recur` occurring inside a `deftype*` method.
Draw the image as background
required method to auto register this checker
Returns a Name object, populated with the given value and type
This is not a general purpose converter. Only converts this readme
Helper method to format our name into a string.
walk to the checker's dir and collect visit and leave methods
Convert an N x 3 array of XYZ coordinates to matrix indices.
Get a directory from the database.
like `with_objattr` but enter context one by one.
Get card this checklist is on.
Yields all links in the page
Validate an alias and return the its number of arguments.
A simplified URL to be used for caching the given query.
Add generated Python code to a dynamic variable in which_ns.
initialize DotWriter and add options for layout.
Start a kernel with PyQt4 event loop integration.
Create a worksheet by name with with a list of cells.
Returns true if all the files have the same numpy datatype
Expire any items in the cache older than `age` seconds
Run a distutils setup script, sandboxed in its directory
Start the webserver that will receive the code
Return bytes of camera image.
Returns a reasonable default PrecalculatedTextMeasurer.
Build file object from items.
Generate a file according to the domain status.
Empties cached sitetree data.
write connection info to JSON file
Encode and store an UNSUBACK control packet
Turn metadata into JSON
Is the kernel process still running?
Get widget for param_name
Remove all or self.queueDepth events from the queue
Translate machine identifiers into human-readable
Returns all existing guestbook records.
Adds the item to the control, associating the given data if not None.
Return line ending.
Reimplemented for IPython-style traceback formatting.
Updates the suggestions' dictionary for an object upon visiting its page
Sets the ``is_confirmed`` for the bundle.
Shows all of the credit notes that have been generated.
Parses xdot data and returns the associated components.
Populate self._thumbnails.
get a container, otherwise return None.
post will use requests to get a particular url
Attempts to restart the running kernel.
Check if the initital identifier on the line is an alias.
Render the tag, with all arguments resolved to their actual values.
Convert QuerySet objects to their list counter-parts
Verify that two waveforms can be combined with various mathematical functions.
Look for removed attributes
Thread run method implementation.
Return a shallow copy a DataFrame with the last n rows.
Convert an expression to an Abstract Syntax Tree Node.
Return the list of all contained scope from global to local
Remove an account admin role from a user for the account sis id.
Validates request token is available for client.
Returns the real stream name of a synonym.
Query for if date_field is within number of "days" from now.
Render the traceback for the interactive console.
Magnitude of a complex matrix.
Moves the prompt to the top of the viewport.
Evaluate a URL as a possible download, and maybe retrieve it
Load the metrics file from the given path
Eliminate dead code from function bodies.
check that the signature of the two given methods match
Find the best Jaccard match from query to candidates
Roll up deftype* declared bases and method implementations.
Internal helper to provide color names.
Gets status of response.
converts a Python name into a serializable name
Retrieve the last Signature ordered by mangling descendant
Closes all connections stops all periodic callbacks
Increasing volume of the device.
Flush task or queue results waiting in ZMQ queue.
Return mounted disk partitions as a list of nameduples
Redirect a system stream to the provided target.
Restore a project from the archive.
Open the inspector windows for a given object
Check if the currently tested element is into the database.
Occasionally print out stats about how fast the files are getting processed
Encodes a single span to protobuf.
Set the style for the syntax highlighter.
Remove unused filters.
Refreshes the underlying invoice and cart objects.
Create and run the IPython controller
Returns a shallow copy.
Add keyboard shortcuts to navigate the filesystem.
Draw the Y axis labels
Return a Python AST Node for a `def` expression.
Show a dialog to choose a directory
load gene set dict
Compare the genes sent and received to get successfully recognized genes
Translate requirement specification to words.
Uninstall tasks from cron.
Checks to see if this module uses Python's built-in logging.
Provide the command line interface.
Reimplemented for auto-indentation.
Returns csv data as a pandas Dataframe object
Freeze and shrink the graph based on a checkpoint and the output node names.
Decode a CONNECT control packet.
Delete all arguments with the given then.
Toggle between the currently active color scheme and NoColor.
Helper function for building an attribute dictionary.
Create an access request.
A common function for building methods of the "list showing".
Calculates heatmap for module.
Returns number of cols in a given `Tensor`.
Returns a simple fragment
Calls the given callback function when a job becomes available.
Return True if we are looking at a def statement
convert a field's content into some valid HTML
Standalone method to send a single gcm notification
Creates |oauth1| request elements.
Download csv files from GDocs and convert them into po files structure.
Return system CPU times as a named tuple.
Add logging option to an ArgumentParser.
Broadcast a listable secondary_arg to that of states.
Reads data selection if small enough.
Fill the fields that are necessary for passing transitfeed checks.
Given an list of words, this function highlights the matched words in the given string.
Yields one boolean, whether the first string starts with the second
Helper which makes a `str` name; useful for tf.compat.v1.name_scope.
Enforce that no ranges overlap in internal storage.
Locks all non-empty parameters
Gets an item by its alias.
Remove a breakpoint given its breakpoint number.
function to init option parser
Compute the alignment weights based on the previous state.
Authenticate using credentials supplied in params.
Shrinks the input step size until the value and grad become finite.
Set up command line parsing.
Command line entry point.
Class method to run a one-shot task, immediately.
Redraws the menu and refreshes the screen. Should be called whenever something changes that needs to be redrawn.
Echo a command before running it.  Defaults to repo as cwd
Creates a character sprite from a set of attribute sprites.
Execute command with os.popen and return output.
Restore the state of the sys module.
Serialize an *instance* from a metamodel.
Close and upload local log file to remote storage S3.
Render HTML entry point for manager app.
Instantiate and write the batch script to the work_dir.
Return the location where filtered + sized images are stored.
Initialize a subcommand with argv.
Output a script tag to a js file.
This function creates the command list from available information
Helper utility to make a field of images.
Creates a PDF text stream sandwich.
Reimplemented to connect signal handlers and event filter.
System virtual memory as a namedtuple.
Merges all segments in `mask` which are touching.
Re-encrypt all of the files and checkpoints for a single user.
Start the app for the stop subcommand.
Decorator to log a message before executing a function
Find the ast node which contains the text.
Convert a BridgePoint data type to a pyxtuml meta model type.
This function disables printing when not in master process
Computes the default value for reinterpreted_batch_ndim __init__ arg.
Initialize archive based on the parsed parameters
Check that source and target shape match, statically if possible.
return sections with specified prefix
Returns the underlying ImageDriver instance.
This method is called when a signal is received.
Report the scores and record them in the log.
Helper which computes `fn_result` if needed.
Returns the domain of the B-Spline
Return all html tags for all asset_type
Configure and return a new logger for hivy modules
Helper which validates sample arg, e.g., input to `log_prob`.
Returns the formfield for the array.
Return a wrapper for an fd.
Prompts user for input. Correctly handles prompt message encoding.
Define a new class in the metamodel, and return its metaclass.
Helper method that escapes parameters to a SQL query.
Delete all checkpoints for the given path.
Engage the exit actions.
return list item number, or default if don't exist
Build a URL from `image_key`.
method to wait for a kernel to be ready
Generate html from an Altair chart object and optionally write it to a file
Sets the autocommit flag on the connection
Build an xsd complexType out of a S_SDT.
Sends RAISE reply.
Load the config from a file and return it as a Struct.
Sets the exception on the future.
Start a step.
Reimplemented for proper heartbeat management.
Add a specialized option that is the action to execute.
unset _instance for this class and singleton parents.
Used for development only
Divide the arg by the value.
Creates ES filters for key ranges used in scanning.
Create a human-readable representation of a link on the 'TO'-side
Whether the user has this perm
Return settings for given integration as a dictionary.
update the list of completion and hilight the currently selected completion
Restores the database from a snapshot
Add a pretty printer for a given type.
Load relationships from source XML.
Create X-axis
A Package contains packageable elements
Check if a specific record matches tests.
Return an iterable of all prefix directories of path, descending from root.
Writes out Gin's operative config, and maybe adds a summary of it.
Returns whether this is a complex floating point type.
Makes the HTTP request using RESTClient.
The inverse of this bidict type, i.e. one with *_fwdm_cls* and *_invm_cls* swapped.
Run each function in `hooks' with args
Encode given input.
Takes a string, and prints it with the time right aligned
Get the merge versions from pagination
Shannon entropy in nats.
Return 2 neutron separation energy
clean markup from string
Helper returning True if dtype is known to be unsigned.
return suitable frame signature to key display expressions off of.
Respond to inbound webhook JSON HTTP POST from Webex Teams.
This class overrides this method
Check namespace packages' __init__ for declare_namespace
Get the issue data by its ID
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Runs HMC on the eight-schools unnormalized posterior.
Invoked in the 'finally' block of Application.run.
Clean up files, remove builds.
Creates PDF reference to resource objects.
Computes graph and static `sample_shape`.
Uncompress gz and bz2 files
Return a WHERE clause matching the given API path and user_id.
Set the element's name. Returns False if the node is empty.
schedule call to eventloop from IOLoop
Initializes the Flask application with Common.
create an empty record
Queries mysql and returns a cursor to the results.
Disconnect an *instance* from *another_instance*.
insert a raw image, jpg or png
Raise a ValidationError if data does not match the author format.
Returns the first row returned for the given query.
When pages change, update the menus
return whether an object is mappable or not.
send a message from one to one-or-more engines.
Add a workspace entry in user config file.
Actual implementation of bisect given initial_args in a _BracketResult.
Generate ID if required.
Internal scan with dummy input variables.
Get music info from baidu music api
Run complete analysis.
Multiply tensor of matrices by vectors assuming values stored are logs.
Creates and array that can be used with an HDF5 array object
Fix environment variable to a value within context. Unset if value is None.
field_name from kernel_results or kernel_results.accepted_results.
Imports a mass table from a file
Wrapper for subprocess.check_output.
Plot one digit frequency counts using matplotlib.
Print a JSON list of JSON objects in CSV format.
Returns a number widget for the specified metric's cumulative total.
interactive wait, printing progress at regular intervals
Creates |oauth2| request elements.
Run DDP greenlets.
Recursively converts unicode objects to UTF-8 encoded byte strings.
Calculate size of data of interest.
Get tensor that the random variable corresponds to.
Gets the description of the command. If its not supplied the first sentence of the doc string is used.
Handle an AJAX toggle_boolean request
If the queue is not empty, process the queue.
Parse Opencast schedule iCalendar file and return events as dict
Returns initializer configuration as a JSON-serializable dict.
Save ID3v2 data to the AIFF file
Run subcmd_name with args using obj for the environent
Receiver for request-confirmed signal to send email notification.
Maximum temperature of all disks making up the volume
Return the raw pickled data from `filename`.
Update self._type_to_spans according to the added length.
Handles HTTP POST requests.
Read a single byte from the specified cmd register of the device.
Attributes used when constructing url parameters.
check for various kind of statements without effect
Try to find the value for a keyword argument.
Build the filepath by appending the extension.
Loads a tab-delimited file into a database table
Main command line interface.
Register the path hook.
Check url schema.
Construct an argument parser using the function decorations.
single global client instance
Return number of children *parent* index has.
Serve custom HTML page
Patch a method onto an object if it isn't already there.
Returns count difference in two collections of Python objects.
Add function 'prerank' argument parsers.
Create a gui2py control based on the python resource
Load and execute a non-cached Basilisp module.
Delete an existing document out of a collection in the CosmosDB database.
Yield paths to standard modules.
for each variant, yields evidence and merged phenotype from applying suggested changes to current
The string for creating a code example for the gallery
Fetches a single row from the cursor.
Encode Erlang external term.
Return the unique internal name
List the service bus namespaces defined on the account.
Gets tweets for a given user, via the Twitter frontend API.
Return all issues from every target.
Read a list element from the input stream.
Returns the list of users in the database
Return index of item with *path*.
Find the full path to a .bat or .exe using the win32api module.
Check whether some modules need to be reloaded.
Add process to events with default priority on current time
Checks whether the channels to each process have been closed.
Creates the TFS Connection Context
Handle exchange subdirectives.
Convenience method that returns a cursor for the last character.
Start the timer.
increments the branches counter
Recursively convert Python collections into Lisp collections.
op_add = "+" ;
Changes google.com to www.google.com
Handles an oauth2 authorization response.
Return a list of published courses for the passed account ID.
Output results in raw JSON format
Computes the features for the selected dataset or file.
Returns a generator with all environmental vars with prefix PIP_
Restart a kernel while keeping clients connected.
Verify that extras_require mapping is valid
A descendant is a child many steps down.
Create the default checkers.
The process name.
delete request, use with caution
Just update a setting, doesn't need to be returned.
The AST comments.
Evaluates expression, and drop the result, usefull for benchmarking, since vaex is usually lazy
Delete a model on the h2o cluster, given its key.
Extended check of PEP-484 type hint presence
Flush incomming socket messages.
Yield code with unused imports removed.
Set the python item data associated wit the wx item
Create the rst file from the notebook node
Test if the point is within this ellipse
Returns the items that this user has purchased or has pending.
Prepares the hash sponge for the generator.
Get a new session number.
Add captured output to error report.
Get query with correct ordering.
Disallow users other than the user whose email is being reset.
A function to display sympy expression using inline style LaTeX in PNG.
Get a printable fuzzed object
Counts and fills sample counts inside call tree.
Return the hash of the given file
Return the schema.
Initialize lookup table for string input of LCD fields
Calculate padded range limits for axes.
Define the command line options for the plugin.
Updates the binary annotations for the current span.
Highlight common SQL words in a string.
Return a distutils install scheme
32bit counter aggregator with wrapping
Returns de maximum values of x, y, z as a numpy array
Dispatch job submission to appropriate handlers.
auto generate default config file, and stage it into the profile.
Converts a comma separated string to a list
This returns a table object with all rows and cells correctly populated.
Inject default arguments for dump functions.
has this jwt been used?
Return the length of the indentation on the given token's line.
Creates a new list from members.
Fits X to outcomes y, using clf
return a module by its name, raise KeyError if not found
Create a plot of conv filters, visualized as pixel arrays.
Saves an error in the error list.
Pops the app context.
Add a label to this card, from a dictionary.
Get all messages that are currently ready.
Basic demo of the monitoring capabilities.
Check if a name is declared in this or an outer scope.
Return line terminator data ends with or None.
add a new handler for new hearts
Load from a CSV file or text.
Given an X.509 certificate, extract and return the client identity.
return a list of subpackages for the given directory
Return True to allow the given key to start editing
Generate a list of Python AST nodes from function method parameters.
Ensure the grant code is valid.
Return a term resource for the passed SIS ID.
Job version of s3am_upload
Write `html` to `fname`, properly encoded.
Bootstrap a new module with imports and other boilerplate.
display results encapsulated in the layout tree
Appends plain text, processing ANSI codes if enabled.
Return implementation version.
Combine a list of regexes into one that matches any of them.
construct and send an execute request via a socket.
Execute the cloud_harness task.
Return appropriate icon type for *item*.
Swap the methods atom to remove method with key.
Grab all the issues
Extract the JSPM configuration from package.json.
optik callback for option setting
Execute magic functions.
Process a reply for a successful execution request.
Apply application method.
Save a small version of the graph based on a checkpoint and the output node names.
Accept the method if its attributes match.
Helper for various string-wrapped functions.
Canvas PUT method.
Check if the token has permission on those realms.
Read and return the dataset contents as text.
Handle the kernel's death by asking if the user wants to restart.
Produce ids for Protocol packets, outliving their sessions
Query to test if a value exists.
Instantiate a complex type.
Trace eng wave module exceptions.
Delete the directory which are not registered into our structure.
Check that a Starred expression is used in an assignment target.
Returns file group's create aware *datetime* in UTC format.
Actual fitting,  performing the search over parameters.
Handle 'from module import a, b, c' imports.
Returns the CS as a ESRI WKT formatted string.
Get access request for a specific receiver.
Getter for various Utilisation variables
Return real, effective and saved user ids.
Handles requests to the API
Allows staff to send emails to users based on their invoice status.
Apply fn to all contiguous regions in s that have at least min_points.
Convert or dump object to unicode.
Check if the current time is older than the one in the database.
Show a simple pop-up modal dialog
Turn a collection of Lisp forms into Python AST nodes.
Save filter script to an mlx file
reformat gsea results, and save to txt
Define some extra field conversion functions.
single decorator for adding script args
Cache the parameters necessary to transform x & y coordinates
Loop through messages and execute tasks
Stop monitoring and close connection.
Show a single block on screen
Rename the current checklist item. Returns a new ChecklistItem object.
Strips and filters empty or commented lines.
Get the decryption for col.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
convert test reports into an xml file
L1 and L2 rules
Check that the image's size superior to `size`
Load a pickled Dataset instance from file.
check the node has a non empty docstring
Fallback if no stream_id was found before
Add a Symbol alias for the given Namespace.
checking arguments and run project
Mark column as categorical, with given labels, assuming zero indexing
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Generator for blocks for a chimera block quotient
Build a file path from *paths* and return the contents.
Yield unique values in iterable, preserving order.
Time-delay embedding with m dimensions and tau delays.
Get a slice of a sequence with variable step. Specify start,stop,step.
Called when the websocket is closed
Evaluate a file with the given name into a Python module AST node.
Creates a remote app only.
Clears out the previous line and prints a new one.
Create a new Set produce by the union of 2 Set
Convenience method for posting
Update all displayed values
Return a Python AST Node for a `try` expression.
Return file encoding.
display computed similarities on stdout
Function used to fit the exponential decay.
Finalizes the bundle, preparing it to be attached to the Tangle.
Quote a command line argument according to Windows parsing rules
Returns True if path1 and path2 refer to the same file.
Sets the connection string for all edges.
Convert a string from the database into an Enum value
Return a dict of keys that differ with another config object.
Processes collected stats for UI.
Are any of the channels created and running?
Return unicode text, no matter what
Adapts an Event object to a Riemann protobuf event Event
Converts bytes to a human readable format
Create a new author.
Encodes a byte string into trytes.
The base handler for the ``display_data`` message.
Extract readout and CNOT errors and compute swap costs.
Returns the components of a polyline.
Returns a Thumbnail instance, or None if thumbnail does not yet exist.
Returns a list of all attendees.
Return True if value is a literal or a name.
Integrate plugins to the context
Update a case in the database
Set the state of Home Mode
Convert an OFX Transaction to a posting
Display cases from the database
handle a real task result, either success or failure
Returns the scaled z positions of the points as doubles
Return the absolute normalized form of `filename`.
Return rps for second t
Declare that package 'packageName' is a namespace package
Set the token on the Reddit Object again
Returns a 'minified' version of the javascript content
The debugger interface to magic_pdef
Create a copy of this pen.
Applies task numbers to an issue.
Returns total length of analysis.
Execute the statement against Presto. Can be used to create views.
Returns a list of paramaters meant to be passed to JSON-RPC endpoints.
Execute the logic behind the merging.
Receives some data for the given protocol.
Get broadcast batch shape from distributions, statically if possible.
Command line tool for converting guppi raw into HDF5 versions of guppi raw
Iterator over all API endpoint names and callbacks.
An alias of deepy.tensor.var.
Fetches an entity from the session based on primary key.
Close all the file descriptors except those in keep_fds.
Lookup chat_id of username if chat_id is unknown via API call.
Extract function signature from an existing partial instance.
Builds fake data for unit testing.
Find matching q-value for each score in 'scores'
Hashes a string and returns a number between ``min`` and ``max``.
Builds the Covertype data set.
Render preferences page && save user preferences
Return datetime object of latest change in kerncraft module directory.
Create a python function from a BridgePoint function.
Open the file and return an EncodableFile tuple.
Return updates in the training.
De-serialize user profile fields into concrete model fields.
Saves the setting value into the database.
Release all resources associated with the sound.
Populate self.commands
Cache result of function call.
Draw a joint sample from the prior over latents and observations.
Update the status of a particular event in the database.
Iterate over steps in the parsed file.
Send INT, wait a delay and then send KILL.
Deserialize a value of some type
Build an xsd complex element out of a C_C, including its packaged S_DT and O_OBJ.
Returns the Credentials object for Google API
Implementation of 'coverage debug'.
Decorator factory for standalone functions.
Iterate through all Connectors
Set an attribute on self if it exists in the ConfigParser.
Decorator for methods accepting old_path and new_path.
Queries Postgres and returns a cursor to the results.
Marks a method as RPC.
Writes a chart's html to a file
Returns a QTextCharFormat for token by
connect to the server
Like `pretty` but print to stdout.
Return True if debugging is in progress.
Register commandline options.
Removes `dict` keys which have have `self` as value.
Returns True if stmt in inside the else branch for a parent For stmt.
notify all listeners about aggregate data and stats
Handles LiteralObjects as well as computable arguments
Set the number of decimal places used to report percentages.
Ensure the user has the necessary tokens for the specified services
Reconstruct input `x` from a its normalized version.
Returns the Slack argument parser.
Make targets be one-hot vectors.
Use this to set where to read from.
Starts a new HighFive master at the given host and port, and returns it.
Finish computation of prob on one element of the inverse image.
The missing mkdir -p functionality in os.
Pdf evaluated at the peak.
Get data from gateway
Builds the SQL INSERT statement.
Renders the chart context and axes into the dict data
Registers the models of the app with the given "appName" for the admin site
Creates signature for the session.
A decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated.
Remove a record from the DB.
Prepare field for serialization.
Delete all database records for the given user_id.
prefixed topic for IOPub messages
Wraps scalars or string types as a list, or returns the iterable instance.
Parse and cache metadata
Returns samples from a Bernoulli distribution.
Return the FileService object.
helper method for implementing `client.pull` via `client.apply`
Learnable Gamma via concentration and scale parameterization.
Send off parsed telegram to handling callback.
Calculate next run time of this task
Read the contents of a file located relative to setup.py
fetch a single file
Queue an instance to be fetched from the database.
Get pool by a given name.
Returns the text from an image at a given url.
Checks that the given zone contains the required fields
Append raw PNG data to the widget.
Function for command line execution
Helper method to clean up processor_agent to avoid leaving orphan processes.
Makes a function which applies a list of Bijectors' `inverse`s.
Set the frame of the completer.
Load the view on first load
Is called after every pylab drawing command
Enqueue task with specified data.
Main CLI entrypoint.
Finish up all displayhook activities.
Create a directory.
Call the SparkSqlHook to run the provided sql query
Helper which computes `volatility_fn` results and grads, if needed.
Retrieves a history item, possibly with temporary edits.
Find all registered observers that should recieve notification
Error checking for Error calls
extract ISO8601 dates from unpacked JSON
Writes the string to stdout
Brings down a Heroku app.
Drops a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for the specified hstore key.
Returns the full payload as a string.
Convenience function analogous to tf.squared_difference.
Return an open file for reading the source of the code unit.
Register monitors they should be tuple of name and Theano variable.
Return a string representation of an object
Get a list of assets
Evaluates the objective function at the specified initial simplex.
Create the message to turn light on.
Execute gerrit command against the archive
Helper which interpolates between two scales.
A class decorator for Command classes to register in the default set.
Report elapsed time.
Yield the digits of pi read from a .txt file.
Handle arguments for the 'lumi-download' command.
Recompile bytes regexes as unicode regexes.
Cast an arbitrary object or sequence to a number type
raise exception on disk space exceeded
overridden to detect problems easily
Checks the validity of a sample.
Reset the input buffer and associated state.
Return a zipped package as a readable stream
Pretty print the given object.
Combine the cleaner and tokenizer.
Iterate over all files visible to ``mgr``.
Get a specific Task Record, by msg_id.
Bottleneck to fix up IronPython string exceptions
Decorator to make a view compressed
Connect to the database specified
Reimplemented to emit signals instead of making callbacks.
Return the string representation of the job description XML.
Save the subsection to the parent article
Returns a snakebite HDFSClient object.
Check the model for integrity violations across a subtype association.
Creates a disjunction for keyword scan queries.
Set breakpoint at current location, or a specified frame
return the DocMarkup corresponding to a given tag in a block
Returns first occurrence of value of filter column matching filter criterion.
Helper returning True if dtype.is_integer or is `bool`.
Helper function for derived quantities
Returns a template.Node subclass.
Plot visualization of model prediction.
OneHotCategorical helper computing probs, cdf, etc over its support.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Return the most likely alpha for the data given an xmin
Parses ssh-rsa public keys.
This class overrides this method
Delete previous webhooks. If local ngrok tunnel, create a webhook.
Writes the params to file that skytool_Free needs to generate the sky radiance distribution.
Get an SMTP session with SSL.
Write the command history file -- possibly.
Remove all items.
Queries bash to find the path to a commmand on the system.
Backpropagate multi-run peptide and protein scores to single files
A single iteration of the Nelder Mead algorithm.
Replace {$ttl} in template with a serialized $TTL record
Numpy implementation of `tf.sort`.
Defers to `amp.AmpList`, then gets the element from the list.
Return network output.
DDP connect handler.
Calculate the standard error of a.
Applies task numbers to an issue.
Moves item up or down by swapping 'sort_order' field values of neighboring items.
construct connection function, which handles tunnels.
Process the logic and structuration of the mining database.
Process tokens and errors from redirect_uri.
Override the scheduler heartbeat to determine when the test is complete
Checks that the year is within 50 years from now.
Correctly destroy SyncObj. Stop autoTickThread, close connections, etc.
Load the MNIST digits dataset.
Validate that date is in the future.
Get information for this list. Returns a dictionary of values.
Add filters to a filterer from a list of names.
get merged info about phantom conf
Compute the eigvals of mat and then find the center eigval difference.
Helper function to warn about unknown bytes found in the file
Add success output to Xunit report.
Calculates all of the discounts available for this product.
Get summary and description of this notebook
Parses the dot_code string and replaces the existing model.
Return the tensor shape of the matrix operator
Open a urllib2 request, handling HTTP authentication
Return True if data differs from initial.
Clean up stats file, if configured to do so.
Display a list of all users and which institutes they belong to.
Integrate plugins to the context.
Return package name in import statement.
Deletes the item at the zero-based index 'n' from the control.
Initializes profiler with a module.
Get outer traceback text for logging.
Send a notification by email.
Creates an Event object from the Source configuration
Shutdown the running process and the monitor
Configure the working directory or directories for the test run.
Return archive name without extension
check names imported exists in the global scope
Scan the policy directory for policy data.
Return a Python AST node for a Basilisp `import*` expression.
enable or disable all top menus
Remove non-self-closing tags with no children *and* no content.
Don't use this, use document.draw_table
Measure a timing for statistical distribution.
Export the Bazaar repository at the url to the destination location
Updates info attribute from info dict.
Convert a cmp= function into a key= function
Processes a single row from the file.
returns the device which owns the given stream
Create a simple generic function
Returns a hash of the reports JSON file
Rollback to previous saved position.
return the current message as expected by batch body format
Default scopes for the given client.
Create and register metrics from a list of MetricConfigs.
Initialize based on a list of fortune files
Compute the number of early downsampling operations
format an options section using as ReST formatted output
Receive message from socket interface as list of OrderedDict.
Return an existing CA bundle path, or None
Returns a QTextCharFormat that encodes the current style attributes.
#Writes repo specific data to JSON.
Return the likelihood of the data given the current branch length in the tree
Prints the completion code of the given shell
Get all information for this board. Returns a dictionary of values.
Add a new Task Record, by msg_id.
Function to calculate checksum as per Satel manual.
Show character in readable format
return all class nodes in the diagram
Process MSG sent by server.
Saves a model instance to the database.
A list of Theano variables for feedforward computations.
Delete a record and it's persistent identifiers.
Prints out table rows based on the size of the data in columns
Get available marts and their names.
Returns memory overhead.
Read a regex reader macro from the input stream.
automatically adjust relative pos and size of children controls
Add *item* as child of this item.
Get the stylesheets for this instance
Calls pre and post save hooks.
Try to get output in a separate thread
Example of printing the current upstream.
POST JSON data object to server
send Bye messages for the services and remove them
Read a .py notebook from a string and return the NotebookNode object.
Yield line number of star import usage.
Process an outgoing communication
Records line execution time.
Get authorization object representing status of authentication.
Returns a specific volume
Do not warn on external images.
Return a list of templates as template objects.
Closely emulate the interactive Python console.
Setup the environment for an example run.
Check HTTP reponse for known errors
Highlight a block of text. Reimplemented to highlight selectively.
Sign in user.
check that the argument to `reversed` is a sequence
Check if the current version is greater as the older older one.
Perform generic operation on a waveform object.
Bundle the app and return the static url to the bundle.
Returns average cost function return value for all members
Reset all OneTimeProperty attributes that may have fired already.
Splicing URLs according to video ID to get video details
Protect resource with specified scopes.
List the roles for an account, for the passed account SIS ID.
Check for lines containing multiple statements.
Validate version before release.
Create a TensorFlow Session from a Caffe model.
Parse number format patterns
Resume process execution.
Register a handler instance by name with esc_strings.
Return label for *section* according to *orientation* and *role*.
Start the event loop to collect data from the serial device.
Import and return bar given the string foo.bar.
run the pre-flight code, specified via exec_lines
Retrieve password from the given command
Get the default logging handler for Basilisp.
Return True if the exception node in argument inherit from StopIteration
Concatenate the sequences given by seqs into a single ISeq.
Return a string representing the user agent.
Called immediately after a new prompt is displayed.
Appends HTML, then returns the plain text version of it.
Yield egg or source distribution objects based on basename
Creates a new set.
check use of super
Remove the method defined for this key and return it.
Returns an iterator for the comments on a certain card.
Return a set of opcodes by the names in `names`.
Return a string summarizing the call stack.
Fetch additional data under *index*.
Move an active project to the archive.
Process a reply for an execution request that resulted in an error.
Handle lines which can be auto-executed, quoting if requested.
Save the weights of the trainable variables, each one in a different file in output_path.
Get request method for service application.
Find and return the location of package.json.
set option on the correct option provider
Canvas GET method. Return representation of the requested resource.
Validate verifier exists.
Rotate the kill ring, then yank back the new top.
Validate request id.
Define Sphinx requirements links.
Given a potentially complex type, split it into its base type and specializers
required method to auto register this checker
Load .PyFunceble.yaml into the system.
Handle replies for call tips.
Read and return the dataset contents as binary.
Returns a list of tokens interleaved with the delimiter.
Send a CONNECT control packet.
Returns the CS as a OGC WKT formatted string.
Add a section, a sub-CodeBuilder.
Getter for various Storage variables
Revoken a secret link.
Write a buffer of data to the specified cmd register of the device.
Compute the score of an estimator on a given test set.
Recursively create and set the drop target for obj and childs
Check if the element is into the database.
Gets the information of the given Bot ID
Return system CPU times as a named tuple
Apply fn to all contiguous regions in s that have at least min_points.
Renders a single user's badge.
secondary config, loading from JSON and setting defaults
Get a random mutator from a list of mutators
Return True if it's time to log
Draw a constant line on the y-axis with the label
Wrap simpler AST generators to return a GeneratedPyAST.
Modal dialog asking for an input, returns string or None if cancelled
pre-processed the data frame.new filtering methods will be implement here.
Create a cylinder with user defined number of segments
Convert string datas into a Pillow Image object
Inject the current working file
Checks if the string value starts with another string.
Check if we compare to a literal, which is usually what we do not want to do.
Correlates row vector x with each row vector in 2D array y.
Adds a menu to the list of menus.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Save the original_value.
Show entire demo on screen, block by block
Clear all matching our user_id.
Filter filenames for package's data files in 'src_dir'
Deletes an item from this checklist.
Return True if in a venv and no system site packages.
Return the maximum revision for all files under a given location
Returns True if the user has a gravatar, False if otherwise
Downloads large files in pieces
Create a new unbound `Var` instance to the symbol `name` in namespace `ns`.
Join the columns of the other DataFrame to this one, assuming the ordering is the same
check for empty except
Update Set with common values of another Set
Evaluate the forms in stdin into a Python module AST node.
Drops Characters by unicode not by bytes.
Creates a remote app and registers it.
Write the current status to `directory`.
Called when there is an error in the websocket
Plots the results of one track, with ground truth if it exists.
Convert a string from a form into an Enum value.
Ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for `path`
Determines the most relevant tag for the bundle.
Handles the list of edges for any graph changing.
Create a junction at link_name pointing to source.
Generate a Python AST node for accessing a locally defined Python variable.
Update the grid if rows and columns have been added or deleted
Return a Numpy.array for the U3 gate.
compute similarities in appended files
Return a set of strings.
Convenience method for deleting
Post as a dict, for serializing
Stops all the running channels for this kernel.
Returns True if the cluster is up, False otherwise.
Encode a list of Tensor events with protobuf
Given a string add necessary codes to format the string.
Runs statistical profiler on a function.
Returns a Google Cloud Dataproc service object.
Return a formatted month as a table.
Return '' if first occurrence of the key otherwise return `line`.
Apply Fredkin to circuit.
Reimplemented for IPython-style "display hook".
Decodes a tryte string into bytes.
Whether `path` is a directory, to which the user has write access.
Shows registration status for speakers with a given proposal kind.
Deletes a thumbnail of a given size
Returns the components of a polygon.
Execute and check exit code
Find the path separator used in this string, or os.sep if none.
Returns the scaled y positions of the points as doubles
dispatch method for result replies
Return True if key `k` exists
Create an Elasticsearch field name from a schema string
Get an mro for a type or classic class
Show all individuals from all cases in the database
Update cameras and motion settings with latest from API.
Run the unit test suite with each support library and Python version.
Returns True if the considered string is a valid RIPEMD160 hash.
Compare the current version with the upstream saved version.
Get a pandas dataframe from a sql query.
walks the byte code to find the variables which are actually globals
Returns list of SRMS defined in the SRM database
Creates a missing task.
Report usage of training parameters.
Return string of `length` elements chosen from `alphabet`.
`high - low`.
Command line tool to make a md5sum comparison of two .fil files.
Sends a packet to a peer.
Returns a function that colors a string with a number from 0 to 255.
Returns Hugo Larochelle's binary static MNIST tf.data.Dataset.
Converts list or flattens n-dim array to 1-dim array if possible
Read one VLQ-encoded integer value from an input data stream.
Do some final preprocessing and send the message.
Try to get current process ready to unpickle process object
Attach a reducer function to a given type in the dispatch table.
Gets or creates the last update object for this widget.
Update user data.
Get parameters to be optimized.
Check to see if string is an validly-formatted web url.
Create a python value from a BridgePoint constant.
Returns available themes list.
Bayesian logistic regression, which returns labels given features.
Return argparse parser.
Propagate covariance through linear Gaussian transformation.
Update the status of a particular service in the database.
Get a list of patterns from a file and make a regular expression.
Execution status of the program.
return the list of glyph names and their unicode values
Call the SlackWebhookHook to post the provided Slack message
Build an xsd schema from a bridgepoint component.
Guess the type name of a serialized value.
decode argv if bytes, using stin.encoding, falling back on default enc
Find the ast node which contains the text.
List all device management extension packages
Decorator factory for methods in Magics subclasses.
reconstruct an object serialized by serialize_object from data buffers.
Take a string or list of strings and try to extract all the emails
Integrate plugins to the context
Decorator for methods that accept path as a first argument.
Set the delimiters for line splitting.
The pprint for the super type.
Deprecates a function, printing a warning on the first usage.
Returns a QTextCharFormat for token or None.
Get the right chart class from a string
How many total branches are there?
Handles LiteralObjects as well as computable arguments
Collect data, cache it and send to listeners
get overridden method if any
Specialized inversion sampler for 3D.
Add captured log messages to error output.
Sets to stop on the next event that happens in frame 'frame'.
Print dataset statistics.
Fetch user info.
Standardize input `x` to a unit normal.
Displays the login form and handles the login action.
Whether the solid execution was successful
Helper which rolls left event_dims left or right event_dims right.
Add options to a parser.
Invert threading._active
A simple memoize decorator for functions.
Gets session data lazily.
System virtual memory as a namedtuple.
Update the chart's dataset, can be two dimensional or contain string data
Ran when the name of a model is changed.
Discover gateways using multicast
ESS computation for one single Tensor argument.
Return a formfield.
Update the data in an existing record.
Returns a Google Cloud Storage service object.
Log-joint probability given a state's log-probability and momentum.
Insert self.location in path before its nearest parent directory
Python 3.4 does not have math.isclose, so we need to steal it and add it here.
Actions taken at shutdown by the kernel, called by python's atexit.
Rename a directory.
If the mode changes. Refresh the items.
Find and return a callable object from a task info dictionary
Given a list of range specifiers for python, ensure compatibility.
Get the KL function registered for classes a and b.
Selects and return n random ports that are available.
Parse command line options and launch the interpreter
Executed by task_instance at runtime
Insert a fetched instance into embed block.
send a single file
Launch the process and start processing the DAG.
Partitions a list into two based on a condition.
Append raw JPG data to the widget.
Return True if id is a valid UUID, False otherwise.
This method is a good one to extend if you want to create a queue which always applies an extra predicate.
Filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type.
Get the latest data from Enedis.
Like tf.where but works on namedtuples.
Returns whether history movement is locked.
Verifies that `parts` don't broadcast.
Return a AzureDLFileSystem object.
Delete a user and all of their resources.
Load the extension in IPython.
Attempt to detect requirements files in the current working directory
squash datetime objects into ISO8601 strings
Must be overridden. Must return a string with the loaded data.
Process and translate a cell of input.
Register updates that will only be executed in training phase.
Clear the output of the cell receiving output.
Split a covariance matrix into block-diagonal marginals of given sizes.
Returns a dictionary containing information about the server environment.
Creates the actual SQL used when applying the migration.
Brings up a Heroku app.
create a new frontend attached to the same kernel as the current tab
Add message to queue and start processing the queue.
Constructs a standard axes aligned simplex.
Callback receives a stream of event_records
Print count entries of the stack trace
Run the model with validation data and return costs.
A class decorator for Command classes to register.
Helper which interpolates between two locs.
Return the item to start from in next reviews group.
Check that a shape Tensor is int-type and otherwise sane.
return the ancestor nodes
Prepare config data.
Cast an arbitrary sequence to a boolean type
Recompile unicode regexes as bytes regexes. Overridden in subclass.
Load a JSON stream and return a generator, yielding one object at a time.
Consume digits of pi and compute 1 digit freq. counts.
Generate a function that will clean and tokenize text.
Write row with translations to ods file into specified sheet and row_no.
Speak loudly! FIVE! Use upper case!
Handle inputs that start classic IPython prompt syntax.
returns a json response from a json serializable python object
Updates the document formatting based on the new cursor position.
Remove a record from the DB.
Recursive helper for walk.
Return a string containing a crash report.
Initialize the required tables in the database
Add a builtin and save the original.
Retrieve the field types. Useful for debugging.
A basic transform for strings and integers.
Checks for existence of the partition in the AWS Glue Catalog table
Returns the file extension.
Print the n most common words and counts in the freqs dict.
Computes the key from the salt and the master password.
is only called by _update_inert
Helper returning the smallest integer exactly representable by dtype.
Convert a basestring to a valid UTF-8 str.
Ooops -- the debugger author didn't redefine this run docstring.
Create a Webex Teams webhook pointing to the public ngrok URL.
DEPRECATED -  use `formula` instead
Parses ssh-dsa public keys.
Returns the *argument* of the max of the likelihood of the data given an input xmin
Strip whitespaces and comments from asm lines.
Create the distribution instance from a `params` vector.
Return a convert-to-tensor func, given a name, config, callable, etc.
get the C_C in which pe_pe is defined
Reduce scored PyProphet file to minimum for global scoring
Creates the condition function pair for a reflection to be accepted.
Return the net work days according to RH's calendar.
Use this to create a new and empty contact.
Read the command history file -- possibly.
Start session with email server.
Write the params to file that surftool_Free needs to generate the surface facets
Dispatch msg to appropriate recv_foo handler.
Set up variables.
Get command regex string and completer dict.
Replace {$origin} in template with a serialized $ORIGIN record
Implements ndtr core logic.
Print operational metrics for the scheduler test.
Management of the json template.
Build authorization URL for User Agent.
Send termination string to implicit current meter.
Report how many data are removed by the active filters.
Converts html content to plain text
Fetches Tree for current or given TreeItem.
Configure a handler from a dictionary.
Create a card for this list. Returns a Card object.
Sets up source objects from the given config
Add failure output to Xunit report.
reads and returns the waveform vlr header, waveform record
Return num eigenvalue diffs for the NxN GOE ensemble.
helper for above functions
Dumps different debug info about cluster to dict and return it
Find the location of a dataset on disk, downloading if needed.
Returns what the next and prev querystrings should be.
Return messages from pyflakes.
Remove all items and column headings
Returns a JSON response, transforming 'context' to make the payload.
Creates a new instance of the configured executor if none exists and returns it
Construct the SQLAlchemy engine and session factory.
Create the thumbnail for html output
Returns the data rows for the table.
create a partitioner in the engine namespace
Returns the address with a valid checksum attached.
Output code coverage report.
Return the transpose of the operator.
Creates an Event object from the Source configuration
Email context to reset a user password.
Return path to any existing user config files
Run command once and check exit code
Determines run object type.
Get object repr block.
Returns string representation of format field.
Verifies the given signature matches the expected signature
Graceful deprecation for old class name.
Entry point for pkginfo tool
Measure a value for statistical distribution.
Initialize this Sphinx extension
Reject attributes not defined in ATTR_WHITELIST.
Start monitoring operation policy files.
Checks if name_node has corresponding assign statement in same scope
Return distribution full name with - replaced with _
check if all menu items are enabled
Return a Python AST Node for a Basilisp function invocation.
Default redirect_uri for the given client.
add addtional headers to request for message request.
Configure the MetricRegistry.
Return an Fmt representation for pretty-printing
Parses nextflow log file and updates the run status
Returns the config file contents as a string. The config file is generated and then deleted.
Run module specified at the command-line.
Writes stats from the organization to JSON.
Wrapper around six.text_type to convert None to empty string
Generate a one-time jwt with an age in seconds
don't output message of the given id
Perform early downsampling on an audio signal, if it applies.
Connect to LASAF through a CAM-socket.
Call back function to be implemented by the CLI.
Prints out table rows based on the size of the data in columns
Create a single file with all versions.
Process PONG sent by server.
return a class by its name, raise KeyError if not found
Show string or char.
A list of Theano variables for loss computations.
Get an item from the database or an empty one if not found.
Create a ChecklistItem object from JSON object
Is distribution an editable install?
Debugging method to print out frames in hex.
Get a specific Task Record, by msg_id.
multiplies a list of Distribution objects
Base SVG Document Creation
Fetch and return new child items.
Wait until we got output or until timeout is over
Returns an IAgent that makes requests to this fake server.
Returns processed memory usage.
Get available datasets from mart you've selected
Open, read and eval the resource from the source file
Read a derefed form from the input stream.
Yield line number and module name of unused imports.
Show a tip message
Gets the subclasses of a class.
Example of sending a message.
Read a JSON notebook from a string and return the NotebookNode object.
search for services given the TYPES and SCOPES in a given TIMEOUT
Return a basic meaningful name based on device type
Total size of volume
Utility routine for edit_syntax_error
Return a list of parser function objects.
Filters code from standard library from self.lines.
Loads and returns all filters.
Check if the current branch is `dev`.
check duplicate key in dictionary
Check whether `self.app` is missing the '.js' extension and if it needs it.
Calculate running area under curve.
Build the URI for the API call.
Parse some arguments using the parser.
Absolute url for endpoint.
Reimplemented to temporarily enable highlighting if disabled.
Default realms of the client.
Return a list of all enrollments for the passed section sis id.
Population fitness == average member fitness score
Detect operating system.
wrapper for ensuring image_tag returns utf8-encoded str on Python 2
Insert self.location in path before its nearest parent directory
Freeze and shrink the graph based on a Caffe model, the input tensors and the output node names.
Unregister a handler instance by name with esc_strings.
Suspend process execution.
check lines have less than a maximum number of characters
Overriding the default JSONEncoder.default for NDB support.
Return true if the issue in question should be included
Creates a new map.
Create a new user.
Return data for *index* according to *role*.
Enable GUI event loop integration, taking pylab into account.
Try passwordless login with shell ssh command.
Returns true if the name looks like a URL
Cancels the current editing task ala Ctrl-G in Emacs.
Check if an exception of type StopIteration is raised inside a generator
Return a function which is the partial application of f with args.
Does this filename match any of the patterns?
Given a stream, a callback and an optional transform, sets up the subscription
The pods that hold the response to a simple, discrete query.
Decode base64 string.
make several copies of the background bitmap
Return a Python AST node for `recur` occurring inside a `loop`.
Get the attribute value from the kmip.pie managed object.
Check if a definition signature is equivalent to a call.
Recovers x and y coordinates from the compressed point.
Return all dirs in base_path, relative to base_path
Teardown a Resource or Middleware.
Create a countdown.
Build a directory model from database directory record.
Get the Content-Type of the given url, using a HEAD request
Get all information for this Checklist. Returns a dictionary of values.
Returns the true list of intervals including the empty intervals.
Helper function for retrieving a particular entry from the prefix trees
Convert FeatureTable to SciPy CSR matrix.
create a relation ship
Resolve the aliased symbol in the current namespace.
initialize VCGWriter for a UML graph
Call an alias given its name and the rest of the line.
fixup_ins_del_tags that works on an lxml document in-place
Return a list of cameras matching camera_ids.
Generate the characters support by the font at the given path.
Returns true if all the files have the same points format id
Write data to the log file, if active
Start a kernel with wx event loop support.
Wait until the user accepted or rejected the request
Get an item or attribute of an object but prefer the item.
Make an HTTP request and return the body
start the heart beating
Initializes local cache from Django cache.
Retrieves a task from asana.
Decode a PUBLISH control packet.
Do upload items to S3.
Load the public suffix database into the system.
Send message to Slack
Runs cProfile on a function.
Return the match object for the current list.
Create a UDP connection to Riemann
Temporary fix to patch HoloViews plot comms
Groups transactions in the bundle by address.
Gets a list with a certain size of suggestions for an object
Reimplemented to support IPython's improved completion machinery.
Process the source image through the defined processors.
Handles mapping elements to diagram components
Summarises the usage of a given discount.
Deletes the item at the zero-based index 'n' from the control.
Return leading whitespace.
Gets the variable part of the source code for a rule.
Create new independent variable vector.
Display the first and last n elements of a DataFrame.
Builds and returns the Component from corresponding dictionary of parameters.
Visit an except handler block and check for exception unpacking.
Handle normal input lines. Use as a template for handlers.
Handle shutdown signal, only if from other console.
Return sorted list of all package namespaces
Validate the syntax of the template tag.
get will use requests to get a particular url
get a collection, if it exists, otherwise return None.
Computes the Bayesian Information Criterion.
Query for null or blank field.
String representation of the exception.
Flag an existing user as an admin within the account sis id.
Outputs a list of all plugins Streamlink has loaded.
Validates access token is available for client.
Return the list of all contained scope from global to local
Eliminate dead code from while bodies.
Helper function for window sum-square calculation.
check that accessed members are defined
Extract required fields from an array
Retrieves the releases for the given repo in JSON.
Print the contents of the ConsoleWidget to the specified QPrinter.
Return a set containing all existing directory entries from sys.path
Return the number of CPUs on the system
flush ignored control replies
Validate a string as a valid storage path
Close open file descriptors.
Mute the volume.
Dynamically adjust the reader max_in_flight. Set to 0 to immediately disable a Reader
Get a signature instance by its internal_name
Resolve a namespaced symbol into a Python name or Basilisp Var.
simplified an id to be more friendly for us people
Gets status text of response.
Copy the contents of an OpenSSL BIO object into a Python byte string.
Set the style sheets of the underlying widgets.
Join strings together and strip whitespace in between if needed
Voids the invoice if it is valid to do so.
Clear all filters.
Sleeps until all the processors are done.
Take a pythoncard background resource and convert to a gui2py window
Save the current database into the inactive-db.json file.
Shows a find text dialog
Return True if the compiler should emit a warning about this name being redefined.
send gene list to enrichr server
return active enrichr library name.Offical API
Get data from the striplog.
Create missing package __init__ files
Draw the X axis labels
Handle activation of item in listing.
serialize the dataframe with different delimiters
Handle replies for tab completion.
Encode and store a CONNACK control packet.
Wrap a service in a MultiService with a heart
Register tasks with cron.
Get requirements in reStructuredText format.
Manage the loading of the url system.
Checks to see if a module uses a non-Python logging module.
Extract uuid from each item of specified ``seq``.
Calculates heatmap for function.
Yield all the sub-span indices excluding self._span.
Template filter to check if a record is embargoed.
Return a dictionary of all global_settings values.
convert a code sequence to HTML
Generic subcommand value display
Marks the job set as completed, and notifies all waiting tasks.
Wraps original_fn, preferring to call static_fn when inputs are static.
Intercept sigterm and terminate all processes.
To support weak referencing, removes cache key from the cache value.
Create station stop times for each trip.
Command line tool for plotting and viewing info on blimpy files
Parses command line args using argparse library
Return system per-CPU times as a list of named tuples.
Make sure temp directory exists and create one if it does not.
The whole response content.
Sends a push notification to this device via GCM
Get source from `filename` and make a code object of it.
Enable or disable all breakpoints.
Calls the initializers of all bound navigation bars.
Helper which returns `True` if input is `collections.namedtuple`-like.
Adds a new run to the `_run_information` dict.
Return local folder path of header files.
Yields one boolean, whether the first string contains the second
Given an list of words, this function highlights the matched text in the given string.
Serializes the response to JSON, and writes it to the transport.
Returns the machine epsilon for the supplied dtype.
Set up command line parsing.
Request password reset email.
Compute the context vector with soft attention.
Register a function for calling after code execution.
Creates a random sequence.
Print workspace status.
Get a package_data and data_files handler command.
Print any parsing error and exit with status -1
Class method to run a callable with a specified number of iterations
Take the output of the submit command and return the job id.
Return JSON representation for this template
Execute the Discord webhook call
Serialize all instances in a *metamodel*.
Output a link tag.
Parse the command line arguments.
Return the location where sized images are stored.
Get all file ids for a user.
Worker for the ASA algorithm's multiprocessing step.
Return system CPU times as a namedtuple.
Reimplemented to disconnect signal handlers and event filter.
Returns `Tensor` attributes related to shape and Python builtins.
Returns a Hive thrift client.
Given a search path, find file with requested extension
Activate output arguments parsing
Convenience to convert to `Tensor` or leave as `None`.
Download and extract the tarball, and download each individual photo.
The two lists of attributes which relates two classes in an association.
Iterate over steps in the parsed file.
Decorator to log the execution time of a function
import and instantiate a Launcher based on importstring
Given a file name, extract the most likely module name.
retrieves a named charset or treats the input as a custom alphabet and use that
Get options list with requested prefix
Helper for _forward and _inverse_event_shape.
Return html tags for urls of asset_type
Parse posts and returns in order.
Processes input args to meet list-like assumptions.
Run one valid iteration, return true if to continue training.
Returns only the first result from the query, if any.
Spawn a server process for this manager object
Filter the queryset for the instance this manager is bound to.
Check counts for proper shape, values, then return tensor version.
Attach the event time, as unix epoch
Read a filename as UTF-8 configuration data.
Rename all checkpoints for old_path to new_path.
Returns a BigQuery PEP 249 connection object.
Obtain a sequence of all instances in the metamodel.
Patch the Altair generated json to the newest Vega Lite spec
Method to capture raw_input
Return the 'filtered path'
build argv to be passed to kernel subprocess
Add a done callback to be invoked when transfer is done
Increment the monitor with N units worked and an optional message
Sends REJECT reply.
Build an xsd simpleType out of a S_UDT.
Returns a connection object
Callback for an option that adds to the `actions` list.
Reimplemented to emit signal.
Stop a step.
Return the modulo value.
Returns the number of connections cached by the pool.
Get the config class config section
set current cursor position
Updates settings for given integration.
Whether the user has this role name
Create a human-readable representation a unique identifier.
Maps feature names to ES's "_source" field.
Verify that extras_require mapping is valid
Load a part into this package based on its relationship type
Add literal text to the output.
Returns a list of snapshots
Read a notebook from base64.
Find all the matches for a check dict.
A Component contains packageable elements
Create Y-axis
A simple event processor that prints out events.
Update, rolling back on failure.
Returns the maximum representable value in this data type.
Find the first __init__ or __new__ method in the given class's MRO.
Processes input args to meet list-like assumptions.
Get merge version detail
Takes a string, centres it, and pads it on both sides
Stack decoding layers.
List all display items; return 0 if none
Assert x is a non-negative tensor, and optionally of integers.
add right panel widget
Return 1 neutron separation energy
Run Application.main and exits with the return value.
RandomVariable constructor with a dummy name argument.
The number of `params` needed to create a single distribution.
Get the user data by URL
Build a unique key from get data
This class overrides this method
The date and time of the person's last activity.
register dispatchers for streams
Set the element's value. Returns False if the node is empty.
Return subdirectories of a directory.
Standard first line in a PDF.
Sign into Salesforce, only if we are not already signed in.
Helper to __init__ which makes or raises assertions.
Event handler for the button click.
Calculates the length of the route.
Attempt an import of the specified application
simple function that takes args, prints a short message, sleeps for a time, and returns the same args
Save widget data for this zone.
Returns the QImage stored as the ImageResource with 'name'.
Obtain the type of an attribute.
Returns a cassandra Session object
Remove workspace from config file.
Helper which processes input args to meet list-like assumptions.
list profiles in a given root directory
Render but don't justify, or update the width or txtwidth attributes.
When enaml.js sends a message
Executes the given query, returning the lastrowid from the query.
Report generated model in human readable form.
Multiply tensor of vectors by matrices assuming values stored are logs.
process for downing music with multiple threads
Momentum SGD optimization core.
Set default value for AleaIdField.
Read parameters from input file, -j, and -p arguments, in that order.
Debug a single doctest docstring, in argument `src`'
Get the output of the last command exevuted.
Imports a mass table from a file
Configure argument parser.
Reloads skeleton data of a tree node
Checks if the algorithm satisfies the convergence criteria.
Add children recursively to a binary tree.
Gets the root argument parser object.
Command line utility for creating HDF5 blimpy files.
Wraps a function with reporting to errors backend
Value as NumPy array, only available for TF Eager.
Stop all green threads.
# batch x time
elapsed time since initial submission
Show short help for a subcommand.
Insert a new chunk at the end of the IFF file
Start all services.
Instantiates an initializer from a configuration dictionary.
Create the message to turn light or switch off.
Sends HTTP response code, message and headers.
Read many bytes from the specified device.
Returns a specific disk
Receiver for request-accepted signal to send email notification.
Return all the sub-span including self._span.
Contribute `filename`'s data to the Md5Hash `hasher`.
Return an argument list node that takes only ``self``.
Create the cipher object to encrypt or decrypt a payload.
Find the real name of the magic.
Replace vars and copy.
Returns a mysql connection object
initialize visit variables and statistics
URL parameters used.
Build mathematical expression from hierarchical list.
Return help information for a context or function.
Add function 'plot' argument parsers.
Returns actual version specified in filename.
Load and execute a cached Basilisp module.
Return index for *row* and *column* under *parent*.
Throttle POST requests only.
Internal ``KILL_TASK`` consumer to remove retired tasks
Serve fuzzed JSON object
The string for creating the thumbnail of this example
Updates record and returns True if record is complete after update, else False.
None means 'system default'
Return the number of active CPUs on a Darwin system.
Return the referer aka the WHOIS server of the current domain extension.
Get a document from an existing collection in the CosmosDB database.
Displays the default pipeline inspection overview
Write value to signal or interface.
Return ordering of *left* vs *right*.
Returns the ConnectorDB object that the logger uses. Raises an error if Logger isn't able to connect
Get text from the clipboard.
Stop a cluster for a given profile.
Grab all the pull requests
Return the target uri for the request.
Get list of available service bus regions.
Read a vector element from the input stream.
Deletes the specified file from the local filesystem.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
increments the branches counter and checks boolean expressions
Scatters tensor across multiple GPUs.
Recursively convert Lisp collections into Python collections.
Print the informations from installed distributions found.
Given a QTextBlock, return its unformatted text.
Creates a TFS Git Client to pull Git repo info
Returns Member objects of population
Create a new iopub stream.
Computes all features for the given file.
Output results in structured JSON format
Handles authorization response smartly.
Parses JSON from a response.
Return a list of courses for the passed account SIS ID.
Check the spacing of a single equals sign.
Use at own risk, requires ipyvolume
Connect to LASAF through a CAM-socket.
The AST rules.
update secrets will update metadata needed for pull and search
head request, typically used for status code retrieval, etc.
Yields each node of object graph in postorder.
Python 2.6 compatability
Clean up files, remove builds.
Register a checker instance.
Parses the global OSM Notes feed and yields as much Note information as possible.
Load the file.
get the output file with the specified `ending`
Configure plugin. Plugin is enabled by default.
Close the database session, filling in the end time and line count.
Transforms internal state.
Return line with imports on separate lines.
Do a reverse look up for an item containing the requested data
Replaces sys.argv with proper args to pass to script.
Open a popup menu with options regarding the selected object
Delete auth token when `delete` request was issued.
Load test data fixture.
Return the fuzzed object
A function to pretty print sympy Basic objects.
Calculate padded range limits for axes.
Fire update method in all attached observers in order of attachment.
Called by the ASGI instance to send a message.
Configure plugin based on command line options
Count the number of domain for each status.
yield objects from json files in the folder and subfolders.
Separated this function for multiprocessing
This will return a single tr element, with all tds already populated.
Create the secret link token.
Generate a legacy script wrapper and install it
Briefly print the dictionary keys.
Erase the data, both in this object, and from its file storage.
Deal with jobs resident in an engine that died.
Sets de minimum values of x, y, z as a numpy array
Return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists.
Creates a new list.
return the actual test methods that matched self.method_name
is this token valid?
Add a checklist to this card. Returns a Checklist object.
Binds the app context to the current context.
Make a TCP connection to the alarm system.
Gets a message if there is one that is ready.
add dependencies created by from-imports
" Implements various kinds of feature selection
Iterator of the list of items in the XML source.
Returns a callable that chooses sequences from netcdf data.
Update consumption analysis for metaclasses.
validate the RevocationReason object
Return a Python AST node for a function with a single arity.
Return the last lines of the file.
All assignments to names go through this function.
Private function. Make sure we have what we need to make a striplog.
Write data to both channels.
Output the names to the given file
Make local instances of static files for HTML report.
Ensure client_id belong to a valid and active client.
Creates a zip archive from files in path.
Returns a DataFrame containing information about ROY voting.
Handles saving the current model to the last file.
Synchronise workspace's repositories.
Calls the corresponding function of the shared data item
Output full documentation in ReST format for all extension modules
Checks if a data is csr, csc, bsr, or dia Scipy sparse matrix
Retrieve recent pages from all namespaces starting from rccontinue.
Resubmit one or more tasks.
Evaluate layer outputs for `x`
Handles the container of drawing components changing.
Adds monitors to the network
Check that the mode argument of an open or file call is valid.
The remote has closed its end of the endpoint.
Saves current patches list in the series file
Handler for mb command
Create a new notebook and return its notebook_id.
Standalone method to send bulk gcm notifications
This function quits PlanarRad, checking if PlanarRad is running before.
Return a response with a list of jsonapi data objects
The list of compilers used to build asset.
Automagically wrap a block of text.
process a normal line and check whether it is the start of a new block
Generate a new ID, optionally using namespace of given `name`.
Process each node.
Modifies inline patterns.
Check if the current selection is too large.
Take json as dictionary parameter
Ran when the configuration on a field changed.
Returns the longest string size for a string entry across data.
Send a Timer metric calculating the duration from the start time
Generate and return kernel call ast.
inspect the source to find fixme problems
Make preparations before running Tank
dumps a given encoding
Check request, return False if using SSL or local connection.
Load and return a PySchema class from an avsc string
Always return a stripped string, localized if possible
Fetch the history of a channel.
If there is a postcode in the url it validates and normalizes it.
Send a message to the thermostat
Given a API name, list all legal parameters using boto3 service model.
A callback that should be called when this is done running.
initialize the InteractiveShell instance
the last block proposal node voted on
Special case handling for listing root dir.
Mostly used for debugging
Return list containing URIs with base URI.
Extended DRF with fallback to requested namespace if request.version is missing
Configure the index to work with
This runs the protocol on port 8000
Start listening for incoming connections.
Encode the fields in Altair format
Searches the PATH for the given command and returns its path
Sets niceness of a process
Return list of array references in AST.
Return array of all tokens remaining API points
Fetch and parse the messages from a mailing list
Computes the accuracy over the k top predictions for the specified values of k
Populate links in a *metamodel* with connections between them.
Indent an xml string with four spaces, and add an additional line break after each node.
Find functions with step decorator in parsed file.
Pause tracing, but be prepared to `resume`.
return True if weather station returns Rev.B archives
Sets the label for a specified object.
Update a schema. Throws APIException on failure.
Set the hook.
Like os.makedirs but takes care about race conditions
Notify an imported module, used to analyze dependencies
Return a compiled regex for the given exclusion list.
Return login token info for given user.
Unregisters the given widget.
Identify the image size using the data location and other parameters
Execute command line interface.
Fetch requests from groupsio API
Make an HTTP request to a given URL with optional parameters.
List of export formats.
Retrieve a list of plugins of desired class, KeyError raised otherwise
Deprecated; use the add method.
Return internal state, useful for testing.
Script to find the header size of a filterbank file
Write to a file in the directory.
Ran when the configuration on a field changed.
Wait until all processes have reached the barrier.
meaning pvalues presorted i descending order
Datasets must be of form "project.dataset" or "dataset"
Gets rid of args with value of None, as well as select keys.
Run all status tasks, then run all tasks in the resume queue
Return an adapter factory for `ob` from `registry`
Get cryptographic engine.
stpd generation using Stepper class
Allow for iterators to return either an item or an iterator of items.
Main entry point for SolveBio CLI
Import config var import path or use default value.
Delete a case and it's variants from the database
Return a graphviz.Digraph object with a graph of the expression
Start all the instances given by its ids
Find consecutive li tags that have content that have the same list id.
get label as ndarray from ImageFeature
Call that method in the pyramid configuration phase.
Reads an history output report.
Get a set of records from Presto
translate the incoming symbol into locally-used
Query for Data object annotation.
Find out if this signal is something indexed
Decode a protobuf message into a list of Tensor events
Parse file specified by constructor.
Run when a task starts.
Return list containing URIs with base URI.
Tokenize all the words and preserve NER labels from ENAMEX tags
Convert a gene panel with hgnc symbols to a new one with hgnc ids.
Yield successive chunks of a given size from a list of items
Return True if completely-positive trace-preserving.
Build an iterator over training batches.
Adds the categories that the user does not currently have.
Apply RZZ to circuit.
Find config file and set values
Returns the mean rate of the events since the start of the process.
Display a list of STR variants.
Count function define by this scope
Returns the width of the string it would be when displayed.
Return the primary measure channel of this qubit.
Computes the novelty curve from the structural features.
Set a gauge.
Sets command name and formatting for subsequent calls to logger
Convert to Pauli circuit instruction.
Apply U to q.
Generator for the XPAT command.
Update default panels for a case.
Commandline options arguments parsing.
Integrate plugins to the context
Show current installed versions
Add the specific arguments of this CLI
Parse variant genes.
Check data in Invenio legacy.
Build SQL with decryption and casting.
Adds the API key and user auth token to the query parameters
Return the transpose of the QuantumChannel.
Transform Choi representation to Kraus representation.
Builds a gravatar url from an user or email
Create indexes for the database
Connection to Earth explorer without proxy
Returns a list of string which are the virtual columns that are not used in any other virtual column.
Generate the mask for building an autoregressive dense layer.
Set permissions in order to avoid issues before commiting.
Create the __set__ method for the descriptor.
Returns verticaql connection object
To be subclassed if alternate methods of loading data.
Return a tuple with the process' RSS and VMS size.
Cut off statements which are driver of specified signal
Pop context variable that store rule nodes
Read one byte in stream
Dictionary of the default parameters of the model.
Multiply vector by scalar
Single Sample GSEA workflow with permutation procedure
Convert a parse tree node into an absract syntax tree node.
Checks element definitions.
Save model parameters to self.save_path
Download `iana-domains-db.json` if not present.
check use of the non-existent ++ and -- operator operator
Handle display hook output.
Returns the latest price on the date
get sensitivity type for operator
Compile the code, and return the function `fn_name`.
Return possible locations for the .h2oconfig file, one at a time.
Pack rdd with a specific collection constructor.
Get record ids for Invenio 1.
Does this compiler support OpenMP parallelization?
get a bucket based on a bucket name. If it doesn't exist, create it.
Test if an array is a unitary matrix.
Evaluates the variable given by name.
Parse parameters and run ms bot framework
Reads the directives and generates source code for custom imports.
Preprocess a panel of genes.
Export panel to PDF file
Pretting print a parse tree.
Attempt a login to LiveEdu.tv
Parse the data.
Normalizes features such that each vector is between floor to 1.
Deprecated after 0.8
Create a GitHub session for making requests
Preprocess institute objects.
Handles the POST request sent by Boundary Url Action
Get the frequencies for FFT bins
Sets up the host and the port for the HTTP CONNECT Tunnelling.
Returns the URI for the authorization server if present, otherwise empty string.
Create a new Set produce by a Set subtracted by another Set
Return a string which represents a horizontal line.
Compute the hamming distance between two hashes
Stop watching a given rule.
Format input state so it is statevector or density matrix
Get a list of absolute paths to the additional config files.
allow to completly mutate the node into any subclasses of Node
Adds the default_data to data and dumps it to a json.
Will clone the given PR branch and vuild the package with the given name.
Print the node data, with indent.
Score function to calculate score
Apply stashed values to signals
Writes given dict to file.
Raise exception if list of qubits contains duplicates.
Construct the local score for an onset envlope and given period
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Delete the genes collection
Creates a status line with appropriate size.
Attempt to parse source code.
Build a clinVar submission form for a variant.
Computes the framesync times based on the framesync features.
What a Terrible Failure!
Get conversion method for instruction.
Apply u3 to q.
delete an image to Singularity Registry
return a transfer client for the user
Returns the currently active user as an object.
special_handling = "?" , identifier , "?" ;
List all jobs performed by the cluster.
Helper function for returning tasks results, result when immediate is True, otherwise the task itself, which is a promise
Create and return new frontend attached to new kernel, launched on localhost.
on writeReqRecieved in monitor mode
Create a Grammar from a file
Fills code heatmap and execution count dictionaries.
Return True if the variable matches this type, and False otherwise.
check for a name using the type's regexp
Check if we have to put the previous version into the deprecated list.
Read data by dataset_reader from specified config.
Parses host name and port number from a string.
Renders the world.
Convert an AST multiply op to python source code.
Copy the config template into user's directory
Reimplemented to highlight selectively.
Register array of items on interface level object
Use SaveHookMixin pre_save to set the user.
Get available attritbutes from dataset you've selected
Returns memory stats for a module.
Convert directory path to uri
Create a tree.Alt
Deletes the specified file, either locally or from S3, depending on the file's storage type.
Creates a new collection in the CosmosDB database.
Return an ordered 2-tuple containing a species and a describer.
Yield line numbers of unused variables.
Creates tuple of str tuple-str pairs representing resolved & sorted DAG.
Is the function a test function?
Map the coefficients into memory using a NumPy array.
Set visible property of ticklines and ticklabels of an axis to False
Helper function to trim and stack a collection of CQT responses
Apply the criteria to filter out on the output required
Update all compounds for a case
Update an existing record.
Fetch data related to cancer variants for a case.
Prints out table header based on the size of the data in columns
Returns the stream_id contained in the HTML.
Return tuple of output dimension for specified subsystems.
Update this board's information. Returns a new board.
Create delta function distribution.
Apply initialize to circuit.
Returns tab-delimited, newline terminated string of VcfRecord.
Increment a counter.
Returns a JSON with a task's public instance variables.
See if span tag has underline style and wrap with u tag.
Perform actions on multiple phenotypes.
Mutable x addition. Defaults to set delta value.
Ensures tasks have an action key and strings are converted to python objects
Check if token expires or not.
Increment the cursor to the next character.
Wrap vertical table in a function for TabularOutputFormatter.
Compiles all status channels for the status compiler process
Return a dictionary of circuit properties.
Remove all items and reset internal structures
Broadcasts the event or distribution parameters.
Return the corresponding OPENQASM string.
Gets a Model. Blocks until finished.
Show all diseases in the database
generate strings identified as sentences
Create DRF class-based API view from injector class.
Removes a piece from the given square if present.
Return the conjugate of the operator.
Creates an instance of self.form_type using request.GET
List pending access requests and shared links.
register sensitivity for process
Consume comments and whitespace characters.
Logger instance to use as override.
The centers for the KMeans model.
Toggle the pause state of the DAGs in the test.
Writes a field report and rewrites it in a cleaner format.
Returns "id" of a OneDrive user.
Define a recurrent convolutional model in Keras 1.2.2
Color some text in the given ANSI color.
Finds the map by in-symbol
Send encoded instructions to Guacamole guacd server.
c-like default of switch statement
Read phantom tool specific options
Validate that accept have not been set.
Add handlers to a logger from a list of names.
Create a plot of weights, visualized as "bottom-level" pixel arrays.
Attempt to find the source code of the ``lambda_fn`` within the string ``src``.
Make a nice mnemonic
Get the net of any 'next' and 'prev' querystrings.
Start a new profiler.
Index all the keys added so far and make them searchable.
Subsample OpenSWATH file to minimum for integrated scoring
Power the device on.
Creates connection to the Google Drive API, sets the connection attribute to make requests, and creates the Music folder if it doesn't exist.
Add required attachments.
Process a single DDP message.
Initialize mailing lists directory path
Called when socket is write-ready
Parse a zonefile into a dict
Cut tuple of line chunks according to it's wisible lenght
Get a crate by its ID
All fields of Epm with a default value and that are null will be set to their default value.
set current section during parsing
Returns the *argument* of the max of the likelihood of the data given an input xmin
Decode base64 coded part of the key.
Create a new wx app or return an exiting one.
Get attachments of an issue
Run complete analysis.
Destroy the SQLStepQueue tables in the database
return associated nodes of a class node
Can be called from storage service to create a new leaf to bypass name checking
Remove an added builtin and re-set the original.
get the xsd name of a S_DT
construct a nice looking string for an FC
Convert native python ``datetime.date`` object  to a format supported by the API
Get the current list of local or remote refs.
Get pull review comment reactions
Print constants information in human readble format.
Renames a full name based on the wildcards and a particular run
Tune to specified center frequency and compute Power Spectral Density
Returns the medium size image URL.
Get the value of a given key
See token counts as pandas dataframe
Return input and raw source and perform a full reset.
Upload a new site build to LSST the Docs.
Gets cached argspec for `fn`.
return true if the name is used in function decorator
Creates container for segments of file with `path`
Creates logging handlers and redirects stdout.
Used by cache to get a unique key per URL
Walk through local directories from root basedir
Receive NAK in RENEWING state.
Register commandline options.
Re-encrypt all files and checkpoints for a single user.
receives rlp.decoded serialized
Returns a Solver instance
Return an Alea ID for the given object.
Get the reviews starting from last_item.
Show server statistics.
Compile list of minimal runs for given events.
instantiate criterion from config string
format options using the INI format
Return a list with number of hit cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
Send buffered metrics in batch requests over TCP
Copies data from `insert_dict` into a pytables `row`.
DDP method handler.
Ran when the configuration on a field changed.
Returns True if we should record local variables for the given frame.
Compute LST for observation
See Link Reject, AMQP1.0 spec.
Extract agency information.
Request a new order
It will return all hyper links found in the mr-jatt page for download
Check configuration for sanity.
Releases renderer resources associated with this image.
Get the s3 object with the S3 URL. Return None if not exist.
Read tdms file and return channel names and data
return the absolute position of x,y in user space w.r.t. default user space
Transform duration into a human-readable form.
Raises an exception if the given app setting is not defined.
Generate a new notebook_id for a name and store its mappings.
Removes the node corresponding to each item in 'features'.
check if the module is deprecated
This is a decorator that signaling that a function is not available during a single run.
Program message output.
Adds all parameters to `traj`
Set center frequency and clear averaged PSD data
Given a message or header, return the header.
Handles display of the options menu.
Returns a funnel chart for the metrics specified in the GET variables.
optik callback for sample config file generation
Simply keeps a reference to the stored data
Deploy a version tag.
Create a notebook by name, id and a list of worksheets.
Pass template pack argument
Run command line interface.
Configures the pool and keeps the storage service
Initialize repositories directory path
Load metadata from the archive file
Helper function to support both Python versions
draw an edge from a node to another.
Appends a child to the object's children.
Validates that the value is a valid object instance.
set of validators may change between heights
The minimum time, in minutes, to run the fan each hour. Value from 1 to 60
Increase the processed task counter and show progress message
Release the lock after reading
Run thread to listen for jobs and reschedule successful ones.
When a model gets created or updated.
Returns true if node is inside the name of an except handler.
Render the rel=prev and rel=next links to a Markup object for injection into a template
Return the path to this directory.
Command line tool for plotting and viewing info on guppi raw files
select move; unexplored children first, then according to uct value
Set command option defaults.
Pull comma separated string values out of a text file and converts them to float list
SlackPost input validator function.
Returns `resource` wrapped in the appropriate html tag for it's mimetype.
Returns a DataFrame of play-by-play stats.
Closes the client connection to the database.
Return best block selected based on simple heuristic.
Genarate ND json object.
Activate archive arguments parsing
Find the full path to a command using which.
Initializes the Flask-Allows object against the provided application
Returns a file handle which is used to record audio
Parse an ID3v1 tag, returning a list of ID3v2.4 frames.
IO priority for this instance.
target record must have been set
Flush current stat to file
Chooses exploration according to `batch`
return true if the node should be treated
Image tag helper.
Return PPOI value as a string.
Draws a closed polygon
Get the NotebookNode representation of a notebook by notebook_id.
This function intercepts the mouse's right click and its position.
Wrapper for making an api request from giphy
Separates the outcome feature from the data and creates the onehot vector for each row.
delete a checkpoint for a file
Updates the current item based on the current text.
Get width of a string in the current font
Remove a patch from the patches list
Copy a single file from source to target using boto S3 library.
Get a metastore table object
Builds fake MNIST-style data for unit testing.
Return a new 'main' module object for user code execution.
Print repository update.
Puts data on queue
display a table as text
Checks that `distributions` satisfies all assumptions.
Returns a dictionary from a URL params
Handles display of the edges editor.
Returns a DataFrame of total box score statistics by season.
Select the current item and run it
Translate and compile a glob pattern to a regular expression matcher.
Excludes fields that are included in the queryparameters
Reply with connection addresses for clients.
Convert string with gains of individual amplification elements to dict
Returns a dictionary containing pickle dumps
Retrieve all builds from a job
Defines any necessary environment variables for the pod executor
Serialize an xtuml metamodel association.
Get a code object from a .pyc file.
Load file information from a filename.
Return identifier which is either the machine file name or sha256 checksum of data.
Overwrites the run information of a particular run
Override parent by buffering the metric instead of sending now
A feeder that runs in distinct thread in main process.
disable the report of the given id
Calculate a percentage.
Returns all entities present in the collection with ``attributes`` included.
Return the items from GitLab API using links pagination
Logout a user.
convert words of a paragraph into tagged HTML text, handle xrefs
Register passed `processor` for passed `mimetype`.
Ingest a finished recording to the Opencast server.
Execute pipeline using message queue as a transport
Read blob from a selection.
Process the files and collect necessary data.
Create a TCP connection to the server.
Ran when a model is being deleted.
Handler of total_size command
start a new qtconsole connected to our kernel
Emit a formatted log record via DDP.
Replace child nodes on original function call with their partials
Save a small version of the graph based on a session and the output node names.
Initiates self-destruct timer.
Chunk input noise data into valid Touchstone file rows.
Play a game of naughts and crosses against the computer.
Returns the aspect ratio of all elements.
Convert an AST option group to python source code.
Get all collections the record belong to.
Initial rendering stage, done in order to compute widths of all widgets.
Set the state of Home Mode
Creates a generic endpoint connection that doesn't finish
Count of complete words between two addresses
Update the object with new data.
Return the text inside the comment area of the file.
Read exactly a varint out of the underlying file.
Parse DAG files repeatedly in a standalone loop.
See tfkl.Layer.build.
Take a pythoncard background resource and convert to a gui2py window
Deep Learning model demo.
Return a Python AST Node for a `do` expression.
Remove all items and reset internal structures
Takes the hit array and checks if the important data fields have the same data type than the hit clustered array and that the field names are correct.
Merge internal rules set with the given rules
Cached indent getter function
Handle selection of item in listing.
Get time coordinates from frames
Add the default values to the class docstring
Create and load the OMIM-AUTO panel
Handles crafting Code.gov Project for Bitbucket Server repositories
Returns the length of the element, including the box around.
Return the correspond symbolic number.
Update the timer to reflect a successfull call
Retrieve latest state of the device.
Get a list of the data types for each column in *data*.
Remove it only if present
Gets back all response headers.
Gets the response and generates the _Response object
Show all hpo terms in the database
Generates the source code for a rule.
Convert relative paths to absolute with resolving user directory.
Deletes a virtual column from a DataFrame.
Transform a QuantumChannel to the Kraus representation.
push an image to an S3 endpoint
a "show all" search that doesn't require a query
Runs k-means and returns the labels assigned to the data.
Generates a jobs_pending progress bar widget.
Reads data from stream and then writes it to the output.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Parse information about a gene.
Manage transition of state.
The decorator to mark deprecated functions.
Handles index.html requests.
Get the SUB socket channel object.
Get value of parameter
Parses the input string, and returns a reference to the created AST's root
Gets the symbol `p`, `l`, `n`, etc.
Reimplemented for IPython-style prompts.
Gets a list of all suggestions for an object
Return the current unitary in JSON Result spec format
Processes initial args.
Function used to fit the decay cosine.
Return file encoding.
manual test loop for make_clean_visible_from_raw
Pre-process list of variants.
Return the task object identified by the given dag_id and task_id.
Pretty tabulated string of all the cached data, and column names
In place inverse move to front transform.
Write the data required by PrecalculatedTextMeasurer to a stream.
Cache for heavy function calls.
Delete all indexes in the database
Asks the user for their email and password.
Prepend a copy of the specified element as a child.
Start a kernel with the Tk event loop.
Adds a target 'string' for dispatching
Generate test data if necessary
display connection info, and store ports
Returns a PDF response with a template rendered with the given context.
Returns metadata as a dataframe.
Clear out the database
Set validation and checkpoint for distributed optimizer.
Initiate the IANA database if it is not the case.
Return the corresponding OPENQASM string.
Build a file model from database record.
Main Entry point for translator and argument parser
Pre-process list of STR variants.
Get files from data dump.
Run the steps to execute the CLI
Loads any additional plugins.
Redo selection, for the name.
Run the steps to execute the CLI
Export causatives for a collaborator in .vcf format
a "show all" search that doesn't require a query
Transform Stinespring representation to Operator representation.
Creates a gaussian kernel following Foote's paper.
Apply cu3 from ctl to tgt with angle theta, phi, lam.
Will build the actual config for Jinja2, based on SDK config.
Return an Fmt representation for pretty-printing
Created to take some of the load off of _handle_weekly_repeat_out
Display delivery report.
Yields elements and text which have the same parent as elem, but come afterward in document order
Computes the light curve model
This function decides whether or not to Trigger the remote DAG
Call the get or create methods.
Return True if completely-positive trace-preserving.
Returns a minimal Decor with a random colour.
Report a timing.
Process coroutine callback function
Returns a mssql connection object
Test to see if the page has enough space for the given text height.
Run all parsing functions.
Remove a case from MatchMaker
Returns a list of all tfvc branches for the supplied project within the supplied collection
Eat a Canstrat DAT file and make a striplog.
Apply cu1 from ctl to tgt with angle theta.
Remove all of the descendant operation nodes of node.
Gets the hash of the nextflow file
Run the linter.
Puts the cursor on the next character.
Enumerates the queues in the service namespace.
Add a user to the database.
Send output in textual format
Convert into numpy recordarray
Transform Choi representation to the Chi representation.
Set auxilliary parameters to every node of the tree.
Start monitoring for interesting events.
Calculate a subcircuit that implements this unitary.
Parses an URL and validates its attributes.
Prints out table header based on the size of the data in columns
Disable timestamp update per method.
Compose link to UCSC.
Delete old prices, leaving just the last.
Check if directory is eligible for test discovery
Calculate the percentage of each status.
get prediction rdd from ImageFrame
Extract error code from ftp exception
Returns the material definition as a string in Abaqus INP format.
Display a specific SNV variant.
Load records migration dump.
Called when the module is executed
Show all words of the code in a nice format.
Clear the output directory.
Try to convert channel to a unitary representation Operator.
check location dependencies, and run if they are met.
Return the map from filenames to lists of line numbers executed.
convert python slice to value of SLICE hdl type
Find the global minimum of a function represented as an interpolation object.
Invert this gate.
Give the current session a name in the history database.
Convert a hex color to rgb integer tuple.
Decreasing volume of the device.
solve a Sudoku grid inplace
Sets a version to be the default. Blocks until finished.
Set some commonly used variables.
Return line with the star import expanded.
Process a CNOT gate node.
Use `top_k` to sort a `Tensor` along the last dimension.
Returns call tree.
Parse code from a string of text.
Parse a hook name
Assign parent statement and propagate dependency flags if necessary
Load the extension in IPython.
Extracts video ID from live.qq.com.
Verify a register.
Main function to parse the arguments and call the main process.
Calculate an ACMG classification from submitted criteria.
Output results in CSV format
Puts a value into a queue but aborts if this thread is closed.
Flexible writing, where f can be a filename or f object, if filename, closed after writing
Delete a frame on the h2o cluster, given its key.
The parse tree generated by the source.
Export all transcripts to .bed like format
activate a backend by adding it to the .sregistry configuration file.
update the base, including the URL for GitLab and the API endpoint.
Test if an array is a square matrix.
Read value from signal or interface
Checks whetner the trace and log files are available
Add `dag` at the end of `self`, using `edge_map`.
Add additional headers for management.
Likes last medias from hashtag
Warning!!! Need to rethink it when global poly type
Wrap the formatting inside a function for TabularOutputFormatter.
Display a list of all user institutes.
operator = "|" | "." | "," | "-";
Average latest n values or all values
Return OpenQASM string.
Yields Gitlab project objects for all projects in Bitbucket
Finds files by licking an S3 bucket's contents by prefix.
Create a tree.Bind
Write content to the clipboard, data can be either a string or a bitmap
Return an iterable of possible completions for the given text.
Find all python files in the given directory and all subfolders.
Return index of item with *path*.
Propagate "clk" clock signal to all subcomponents
Process keyword arguments.
Returns a unique list of seq
Build a function computing transitions for a seasonal effect model.
Deletes an existing collection in the CosmosDB database.
Extract unique representation from sentence.
Write a single byte to the specified device.
Return string representing the name of this type.
Dump the deposition object as dictionary.
Get maximum _instId from all assigments in statement
Receiver for request-rejected signal to send email notification.
Apply the argument parser.
Save the config file
Uploads the file to Google cloud storage
A directive is a line in a comment that begins with '!'.
Reads Abaqus inp file
Attempt to find the canonical name of this section.
Return position of next matching closing delimiter.
Builds word-level network
Decorator for making error handling on AWS Lambda easier
Ran when a model is being deleted.
Create a new sender link.
Sends an APDU to the device, and waits for a response.
Read input and output frequency, and output file name
Print formatted msg if verbosity set at 1 or above.
wait for the 'status=idle' message that indicates we have all outputs
Update the size of the chunk
Poll agents for data
Intercept sigterm and terminate all processes.
Fetch the comments of a given event.
Print human readable report of model.
Replace any config tokens in the file's path with values from the config.
Return an object for the given meteor_id.
Tries to extract a boolean variable from the specified request.
return decoded line from encoding or decode with default encoding
Remove agent's files from remote host
Convert Python object to OpenMath
Loads a group node and potentially everything recursively below
Return verbose information about the predictor.
Read data from file-like object
return a standard message
Returns data from each field.
Add a new link from *self* to *metaclass*.
Returns the extra property by deserializing json.
Normalize and tokenize text. This is lifted from NIST mteval-v11a.pl.
Small configuration file management function
Creates initial `previous_kernel_results` using a supplied `state`.
return checkers needed for activated messages and reports
Collects all info from three sections
Decodes a PackBit encoded data.
list profiles that are bundled with IPython.
Executes the given query, returning the lastrowid from the query.
Default handler for those not explicitly defined
Validation data by specific validictory configuration
Save the object to file given by filename.
Default fields returned by a file query.
Append a child element with the specified name.
Adds a new value for the given key.
This function calls "gui_batch.py" with inputs values to write the batch file.
Adds a target regexp for dispatching
Calls `fn` and appropriately reshapes its output.
Write batch records to Kinesis Firehose
Get or calculate MD5 value of the local file.
Create hard link as link to this file
Prompt the objects to output pdf code, and save to file.
receive and parse a message, then log it.
Turn a mongodb-style search dict into an SQL query.
triggered when an import statement is seen
Creates and runs BRIAN network based on the parameters in `traj`.
Give new nodes a unique ID.
Return a BytesIO instance of `image` with inverted colors.
Load tags from a filename.
Calculate wisible length of string
Handles sending offer assignment notification emails and retrying failed emails when appropriate.
Get crate versions data
Get the issues from pagination
Accepts data in zyx. !!!
Run complete anaylysis and return results.
Plot the fitted lognormal distribution
Alternate version of Spark's zipWithIndex that eagerly returns count.
Is the qt4 event loop running.
Return an SMTP servername guess from outgoing email address.
Reads dataset from json.
Reraises `exception`, appending `message` to its string representation.
Returns joined game directory path relative to Steamapps
Conduct semi-supervised learning and error-rate estimation for MS1, MS2 and transition-level data.
Get the merge requests from pagination
Convert a Traceback into a dictionary representation
Get the value represented by this node.
Handle new websocket connection.
Determine if the `func` node has a decorator with the qualified name `qname`.
Provides an iterator over all values in a nested structure.
Helper function to turn the simple logging kwargs into a `log_config`.
Creates a group from the passed restclients.Group object.
Iterates over the actions and executes them in order.
accept either IP address or dns name, and return IP
Print out a series of files
Receive offer on SELECTING state.
Check if the given name is used as a variadic argument.
Determines types for generic additions
Adds a subgraph to the graph.
Returns list of frequencies for frequency hopping
The trace function passed to sys.settrace.
Get pull request commits
Fetch information about a list of keywords.
Locks all non-empty derived parameters
Return global iterator sympy expression
Configures the frozen pool and keeps all kwargs
Check arguments passed by user that are not checked by argparse itself.
Update rate limits data for the current token
Returns the Git argument parser.
Create a new text cell.
Perform HTTP session to transmit defined weather values.
Inserts a child into the object's children.
Takes a function and keyword arguments and returns the ones that can be passed.
open a vcg graph
possible hvac modes are auto, auxHeatOnly, cool, heat, off
Retrieve S3 access keys from the environment, or None if not present.
Returns a description of the trait.
either invalid or one of quorum, noquorum, quorumpossible
Get the full, external URL for this page, optinally with the passed in URL scheme
Cancel the job related to the given task.
Acquire the lock to write
Return true if given node is inside lambda
Updates all rows that match the filter.
Use schema_editor to apply any reverse changes.
Sets the chunking dimmentions depending on the file type.
Remove the directory.
random play until both players pass
Docstring will be filled in by __init__.py
Returns a new Fragment from a dictionary representation.
Builds an instance of model from the model_dict.
Twilio input validator function.
Takes a list of signals and sets a handler for them
Loop through lines in self.fd, and send them over self.sock.
Returns the jQuery DataTables CSS file according to version number.
Write output file.
Takes str or int, returns class type
Let user interactively select byte increment.
Activate authentication arguments parsing
source record and index must have been set
Retrieve all items for category using pagination
Read configs set into storage
Return an ID3v1.1 tag string from a dict of ID3v2.4 frames.
Outputs the CSS which can be customized for highlighted code
Return a PIL Image instance stored at `path_to_image`.
Output a link tag to a css stylesheet.
Function that parses the batch id from the command line arguments
get callbacks from handler for the visited node
Add a list of patches to the patches list
Select a font; size given in points
Downloads a file.
Returns a Hive connection object.
Thread worker for download operation.
Perform the completion with the currently selected item.
Decorator memoizing a single-argument function
Standardizes continuous features and expands categorical features.
Save an existing notebook by notebook_id.
Displays a video in an embed player
This function does all required actions at the beginning when we run the GUI.
Translate a glob PATTERN to a regular expression.
Gets the next single character and decides what to do with it
Returns domain name portion of a URL
Returns a DataFrame of per-game box score stats.
Handles displaying a view about Godot.
Handles data and returns `True` or `False` if everything is done.
Set Console handler.
Build an Iterator switching between train and heldout data.
Display an evaluation section as a text.
Second part of object finding, to look for property details.
Serialize an xtUML metamodel class.
Simply merge all trajectories in the working directory
When using git to retrieve the DAGs, use the GitSync Init Container
Retrieve all the fields available.
save an iopub message into the db
Convert string with SoapySDR device settings to dict
Get the latest article with the given primary key.
Send a Set metric with the specified unique value
Called if trajectory is expanded, deletes all explored parameters from disk
Return datetime object of modified time of machine file. Return now if not a file.
required method to auto register this checker
Say the workers to finish their jobs and quit.
Initiate log file.
returnr a string for an html table
Login either with resume token or password.
When you pass a quote character, returns you an another one if possible
this is the central unsafe function, using a lock and updating the state in `guard` in-place.
Get emojis of a note
Return a specific events JSON
Register default compilers, preprocessors and MIME types.
Waits until all there are no processes enqueued.
analyze a simple word to detect cross-references and styling
Get attribute, creating if required using specified factory.
Clear GDoc Spreadsheet by sending empty csv file.
Create a TCP listening socket for a server.
Process each relation.
Find first blob from selection.
Handler for size command
Ran when the name of a model is changed.
Convert an AST repetition group to python source code.
Returns the internal angles of all elements and the associated statistics
Build and return the model described in corresponding configuration file.
Returns a class representing the 'kind' of optic.
Chunk input data into valid Touchstone file rows.
Freeze and shrink the graph based on a session and the output node names.
Return partial of original function call
Reinterpret signal of type Bits to signal of type HStruct
Confirm email address.
Find current STDOUT's width, in characters.
Iterates over the "iter_content" and draws a progress bar to stdout.
Get record revisions.
Returns a masked version of the given initializer.
Convert PythonCard font description to gui2py style
Change working directory and restore the previous on exit
Refresh file paths from dag dir if we haven't done it for too long.
Close this SPK file.
Reduce dicts of dicts to dot separated keys.
Handle selection of path segment.
Check if is register or wire
Extract the string between saved and current index.
Create a tree.{Complement, LookAhead, Neg, Until}
GBM model demo.
Force appearance of the button next to the item
Return a Python AST Node for a `deftype*` expression.
Creates the label for a box.
Forces certain fields in the Code.gov Metadata json
Show all users in the database
Set parameter error estimate
Get chroma bin numbers
Sends request body.
Sends the request body.
Retrieve the first Signature ordered by mangling descendant
Evaluates the expression with the provided context and format.
Set up the Vizio media player platform.
Update the timer to reflect a failed call
Separate a bitstring according to the registers defined in the result header.
update headers with a token & other fields
clean up will delete a list of files, only if they exist
Transform a QuantumChannel to the SuperOp representation.
Deletes a variable from a DataFrame.
Read config's variables and apply their values to all its properties
Gets the entry_point value for the parser.
Flask app factory function.
Fetch matching genes and convert to JSON.
Returns a new node with the same contents as self, but with a new node_type.
Fetches streams using correct parameters.
Creates a backend widget.
compute distances of a specific data point to all other samples
set value of this param
Get the REQ socket channel object to make requests of the kernel.
Adds single guestbook record.
Return True if slice ``s`` in "normalized" form.
Only one Living State on the S0 of each StateRegister
Find MultiQC report for the case.
yield all file paths under input_dir
Properly close pooled database connections
Return code with all filtering run on it.
Return a new circuit that has been optimized.
Computes the von Mises CDF and its derivative via Normal approximation.
Set the initial unitary for simulation
Register commandline options.
Reimplemented to dispatch payloads to handler methods.
Loads config, checking CLI arguments for a config file
Convert an Enum value into a string for the database
Choose the name for stepped data file
Create a notebook by name, id and a list of worksheets.
Start the kernel, coordinating with the GTK event loop
Append a copy of the specified element as a child.
Prints information about the current user.
Delete a version of a gene panel or all versions of a gene panel
Initialize app context for Invenio 2.x.
Convolve 2d gaussian.
Read block type switch descriptor for given kind of blockType.
Update the content of the `iana-domains-db` file.
Return the broadcasted value
Returns fields metadata as a dataframe.
Contextmanager that will create and teardown a session.
Edit the download-link inner text.
create our session object
Sets Streamlink options.
Configure logging based on command line options
Prepare persistent identifiers.
Get sift predictions from genes.
Filters the activation matrix G, and returns a flattened copy.
Save a non-notebook file.
Return the corresponding OPENQASM string.
Transform Operator representation to other representation.
run a build, meaning creating a build. Retry if there is failure
Start the web server.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Can selection name be redone?
Inserts a small icon to QR Code image
Return an Fmt representation for pretty-printing
Define a new default profile.
Returns a circuit putting 2 qubits in the Bell state.
Computes the self-similarity matrix of X.
Report a histogram.
Jupyter Notebook magic repr function.
Return the conjugate of the QuantumChannel.
Sets the telemetry client for logging events.
Bins the light curve model to the provided time array
Yields all the elements descendant of elem in document order
Mark a variant as confirmed causative.
The previous, SCHEDULED DagRun, if there is one
Invert all instructions.
For backwards compatibility.
Writes the weeks with associated commits to file.
Handles error callbacks when using Segment with segment_debug_mode set to True
Add or update a case in MatchMaker
Processing notification call main function.
Comparison for x coordinate
Read response payload and decode.
Verifies that the challenge is a Bearer challenge and returns the key=value pairs.
Sets cursor as beginning of next line.
Set the default options.
Writes the JSON report to a json file
Remove all of the non-ancestors operation nodes of node.
Transform Chi representation to a Choi representation.
Return the version information for all librosa dependencies.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Display a list of all user institutes.
Translate SPIDEX annotation to human readable string.
Adds a dimensions with ones to array.
Looks up the metric definition from the definitions from the API call
Find a XML element via xpath.
Apply u2 to q.
Send command to disarm.
determines the coalescent time scale that optimizes the coalescent likelihood of the tree
Reserve free TCP port to be used by Cloud SQL Proxy
Returns the material definition as a string in Abaqus INP format.
Save a Keras model definition to JSON with given path
Print on screen and on file the percentages for each status.
Return true if 'ext' links to a dynamic lib in the same package
Download the latest prices
Find the median of the function represented as an interpolation object.
Cast HArray signal or value to signal or value of type Bits
Return the map from filenames to lists of line number pairs.
Audit all waiting tasks for expired timeouts.
Format input state so it is statevector or density matrix
Return an ip to use to talk to this cluster.
Read n bytes from the stream on a byte boundary.
Sends PUB command to the NATS server.
Create deposit Bucket, Files and SIPs.
Return a variant.
Build fake CIFAR10-style data for unit testing.
Process a measurement node.
Return dictionary that maps line number to message.
Lists all available versions of a model. Blocks until finished.
Populate variables used to build popovers.
json.loads wants an unistr in Python3. Convert it.
Set volume level.
Turn a list to list of list
Write any entries in the cache to the database.
Main run method for the noise adaptive layout.
A function to display sympy expression using display style LaTeX in PNG.
Create signal in this unit
Parse a hook parameter
Compactly display the internal structure of an H2OFrame.
Reformats call tree for the UI.
Remove the PKCS#7 padding
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Parse gene panel file and fill in HGNC symbols for filter.
Main function to sweep parameters of a certain algorithm.
Verify a user defined gate call.
Downloads Sina videos by URL.
Print with indent.
give the user an ipython shell, optionally with an endpoint of choice.
delete a backend, and update the secrets file
Load exons into the scout database
Call back function to be implemented by the CLI.
Return the summary for a single column for a single Frame in the h2o cluster.
Combines all masks from a list of arrays, and logically ors them into a single mask
Replace multiple values in a string
Return an Fmt representation for pretty-printing
Filter bot from real users.
Extracts request id from response header.
Get the set of "op" nodes with the given name.
Clears inspect attributes when re-executing a pipeline
Perform delta step by writing stacked values to signals
Prune the "None" or emptry string values from dictionary items
Assigns a parameter value to matching instructions in-place.
3x3 convolution with padding
op_mult = "*" ;
Update the automate generated omim gene panel in the database.
Propagate "clk" clock and reset "rst" signal to all subcomponents
Return parent of *index*.
Create a new symbol.
Add the object and all their childs
Convert this confusion matrix into a 2x2 plain list of values.
Create a tree.Hook
Saves the specified file to either S3 or the local filesystem, depending on the currently enabled storage type.
Insert a list of new documents into an existing collection in the CosmosDB database.
Summarize reviews into a short summary.
Capture the new control superficial image after an update
Build utility method to compute whether the season is changing.
Connects to Github and Asana and authenticates via OAuth.
Process except blocks.
Receiver for request-created signal to send email notification.
Build Entity and Architecture instance out of netlist representation
Default serializer for json.
Write a single byte to the specified device.
Return True if the variable matches the specified type.
Parse function calls.
Parse a single typed parameter statement.
DeepPavlov console configuration utility.
Dumps a database table into a tab-delimited file
Returns the size of the layer, with the border size already subtracted.
Turns a directive definition string into a directive object.
Retrieves a config value
Transform the source code, then return the code object.
republish individual displaypub content dicts
Main entry point for `dddp` command.
Ran when the name of a model is changed.
If there's no log configuration, set up a default handler.
Returns ON-OFF for all Stokes parameters given a cross_pols noise diode measurement
Interactively registers a single U2F device, given the RegistrationRequest.
Create link from request for a sender.
sends pending data set to listeners
Serve the preview image with the given id
Removes the chunk from the file
Generate ID if required.
Fetch the events pages of a given group.
Add objects to the environment.
Apply layer condition model to calculate cache accesses.
Create folder and copy agent and metrics scripts to remote host
return string as a comment
*size* is given in kilo bytes
Loads annotations from disk.
Convert OpenMath object to Python
Gets the next colour in the Geckoboard colour list.
use ComplexDataInput with a reference to a document
Return a dict of column name and column type based on self.schema if not None.
Method to request a PIN from ecobee for authorization
Delete an attribute with a given *name* from the list of attributes.
Prepare widget data for template.
Write data to file-like object
go to the path
Adds a node to the graph.
Print error and stop command
Generate the handlers for this site
Returns a new connection to the database.
This is to support iterators over a file-like object.
Get all the checker names that this linter knows about.
Network block for ResNet.
Encodes data using PackBits encoding.
Copies parsed arguments into the kwargs passed to the environment
Update our SUB socket's subscriptions.
Ensure all directories are created for a given target file.
Send email using backend specified in EMAIL_BACKEND.
Calls `fn`, appropriately reshaping its input `x` and output.
Set the default viewing options.
Creates a backup of file
This function once the file found, display data's file and the graphic associated.
Returns all values for the given header as a list.
Get a seq of Commandchain objects that match key
Prepend a child element with the specified name.
Return a SELECT statement that returns the latest N versions of a file.
Serves the Flask application.
triggered when a from statement is seen
Adds all necessary parameters to `traj`.
Connect to the database and get new session number.
Right-pad lines of block to equal width
Get crate user owners
Defined here so that we can use the class variables, in order to subclass in oplusplus
Remove tags from a file.
Return the first element of an array
Calculate sha256 fingerprint.
Start the qt4 event loop in a consistent manner.
Get data associated to an user
Print generated model data in human readable format.
Print repository status.
Convert an operative config string to markdown format.
Finds cut off target score for specified false discovery rate fdr
Set a list of exceptions that should be ignored inside the wait loop.
Restore the data dict - update the flask session and this object
Start sending the message and attachments.
Validate arguments to be supplied to func.
Get the merge full data
Load the config and defaults from files.
Calculate number of integrations in a given file
Merges a dictionary into the Rule object.
Parse and return a single Gin value.
Return the ExceptHandler or the TryExcept node in which the node is.
Deletes the group identified by the passed group ID.
Create a field by field info dict.
Download a single file or a directory by adding a task into queue
Process a received NAK packet.
bandwidths are inaccurate, as we don't account for parallel transfers here
parallel reduce followed by broadcast of the result
Handles the Graphviz layout program selection changing.
Check if the given node has a parent of the given type.
Creates a link and checks if names are appropriate
Fetch the pull requests
Get pull requested reviewers
Yield loop stack dictionaries in order from outer to inner.
Checks if two trajectories live in the same space and can be merged.
Create buffer for reading samples
Notifies the Server to shutdown
Clone a repository.
Output full messages list documentation in ReST format.
Handles saving the current model to file.
Returns a DataFrame containing standings information.
handle shutdown request.
Monkey-patch compiler to allow for removal of default compiler flags.
Translates integer indices into the appropriate names
Retrieve all pages from a namespace starting from apcontinue.
Adds all necessary parameters to `traj` container.
Manage message of different type and in the context of path.
Parses the drawing directive, updating the node components.
Copy an existing notebook and return its notebook_id.
This function cancels PlanarRad.
Sends a json GCM message
Reads all patches from the series file
Both ends of the Endpoint have become active.
Handler for put command
parse a C source file, and add its blocks to the processor's list
MIME type of the asset.
Return a response with a jsonapi error object
The following fields are shared between both QueryJobConfig and LoadJobConfig.
Given the blob dimensions, calculate how many fit in the data selection.
Peer has closed its end of the link.
Extract information of one route.
Builds the RETURNING part of the query.
Search for timedelta information in the string
Patch threading and psycopg2 modules for green threads.
checks that a given file exists
Generate and return compilable source code from AST.
Send a Timer metric with the specified duration in milliseconds
Returns a description dictionary for pytables table creation
override config options with user specified options
Check if the name is a future import from another module.
Read codeml file.
Dump record in json-encodable object format
Fetch information about a channel.
Retrieve username from user selector.
Strip slashes from directories before updating.
optionally display the banner
highest lock on height
Resume currently scheduled program
Parse options and process commands
Add the whole list of API parameters into optparse.
Collects methods which are speced as RPC.
Returns a QTextCharFormat for token by reading a Pygments style.
Returns the tarball URL inferred from an app.json, if present.
Custom JSON encoder handler
Build the set of arguments required for running a job
Validate Host header.
This function returns letters by decomposing the specified Hangul letter.
Ensure that a needed directory exists, creating it if it doesn't
Check the AGI code and return a dict to help on error handling.
Stop collecting trace information.
issue wakeup command to device to take out of standby mode.
Get arguments passed to step decorators converted to python objects.
set positional information on a node
Populate a *metamodel* with classes previously encountered from input.
Create a sympy.Symbol with positive and integer assumptions.
Wrapper that allow graceful exits of single runs
Return a Tensor containing the patches
Copy the contents of a mbox to a temporary file
Return token's remaining API points
Resets to the progressbar to start a new one
return true if the module should be added to dependencies
boolean check for whether a string is a zmq url
Disconnect the client from IBM Watson IoT Platform
Adds the event listeners for a specified object.
Setup and execute model with given blocking length
Genarate the project dictionary.
Find the id of a group given its name by iterating on the list of subscriptions
Save the collected coverage data to the data file.
Returns the widgets sorted by position.
Serialize user as per Meteor accounts serialization.
Updates done by both v23 and v24 update
Return data files in directory *dirname*
Try to create a directory. Pass without error if it already exists.
Retrieve a plugin of desired class, KeyError raised otherwise
Read a file from the directory.
Generate a blimpy header dictionary
Creates a UNIQUE constraint for the specified hstore keys.
Seed internal state from supplied values.
Tries to remove a registered event without triggering it
Reads message body if specified via filepath.
Render the specified fragment to HTML for a standalone page.
Wait until all processes have reached the barrier.
Tables must be of form "project.dataset.table" or "dataset.table"
Reboot all the instances given by its ids
Adds method f to the Dataset class
Determine if ``li`` is the last list item for a given list
Delete all exons in the database
Load the oauth2server token from data dump.
Used to create a new object from an HTTP response
Compute edge ngram of token from min. Does not include token itself.
Returns a big list of all log lines since the last run
Ensure that the parent directory of `path` exists
Create Load Plan as defined in schedule. Publish info about its duration.
Return a list of data types.
Parse a CSV line into a price element
Makes the mesh using gmsh.
Parses some DatabaseError to provide a better error message
Read parquet file as DistributedImageFrame
Tries to decode the values embedded in an invocation result dictionary.
Return list of overlay names.
Print models sorted by metric.
Run when a task finishes correctly.
Send a Tensor Event to Riemann
walk parameter instances on this interface
Returns the mean value.
Dumps initial config in YAML
A view *just* for entering a voucher form.
Returns text components.
Return the correspond floating point number.
Gets a Tensor of type `dtype`, 0 if `tol` is None, validation optional.
Return the conjugate of the QuantumChannel.
Parse the omim files
parse the sentences and tokens out of the XML
Return the task object identified by the given dag_id and task_id.
Obtain peaks from a novelty curve using an adaptive threshold.
Return the primary acquire channel of this qubit.
Converts a child of the current dom element to the specified type.
Update the Set with values of another Set
Display a specific SNV variant.
XPath-like string value of node
Open the research list for a case.
XFEATURE COMPRESS GZIP command.
Call the SparkSubmitHook to run the provided spark job
Print an if statement if needed.
Suppress default exit behavior
Validate an initial statevector
Measure a value for statistical distribution.
Set the state of the current checklist item. Returns a new ChecklistItem object.
Return the conjugate of the QuantumChannel.
Get key from connection or default to settings.
write the collection of reports to the given path
Generate amino acid change as a string.
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Try to find a stream_id
Return a graphviz.Digraph object with a graph of all virtual columns
Validate bands parameter.
Setup a scout database.
Create a S3File backed with a temporary file.
Transform Kraus representation to Choi representation.
Return real, effective and saved group ids.
Fill missing rates of a currency with the closest available ones.
Turn a funcs list element into a class object.
Ensure all logging output has been flushed
Add the currently tested element into the database.
Generate the slices for building an autoregressive mask.
save es and stats
Trivial Per-Triangle parameterization
Return enum constant `s` converted to a canonical snake-case.
Consume all the stream. Same as EOF in BNF.
Push context variable to store rule nodes.
Parse any HDL type to this transaction template instance
Fetches all the prices for the given arguments
Handle stdout, stderr, and stdin.
Check that a name is both nonlocal and global.
Download `public-suffix.json` if not present.
Print number of *trainable* parameters in the network
Add the fields into the list of fields.
Convert an abstract syntax tree to python source code.
Get UserEXT objects.
Pack rdd of tuples as tuples of arrays or scipy.sparse matrices.
Compute t0, x0, v0, ve.
Generate a Python expression for `expr`.
Sum of all width of interfaces in this interface
Get information about a case from archive.
Returns the python source code for the generated parser.
Exports a TF-Hub module
Internal use, ignores the filter
Test if an array is an identity matrix.
get default build template.
Return the true anomaly at each time
Log-normalizes features such that each vector is between min_db to 0.
Returns a generator of the tokens.
Continuously output the stream over HTTP.
The default predicate used in Node.trimmed.
Edit additional information about a panel gene.
Configure axis tickers, locators, and labels
Return a docstring from a list of defaults.
Fetch insitiute and case objects.
Writes stargazers data to file.
Constructs the top line of the element
Convert a QuantumCircuit or Instruction to an Operator.
Actual rule setup.
Convert all ternary operators to IfContainers
Return a string which represents a row of data cells.
Create a new Set with values present in only one Set
Extracts the host authority from the given URI.
Sets up the host and the port for the HTTP CONNECT Tunnelling.
Schedule process on actual time with specified priority
Transform data feature to high level
Remove all operation nodes with the given name.
Converts a child of the current dom element to the specified type.
Comments last user_id's medias
Check if given hit is withing the limits.
Get a list of absolute paths to the system config files.
Parse user submitted panel.
Make a call to the meter via JSON RPC
Argparse function to get the program parameters
Raise exception if a qarg is not in this circuit or bad format.
Writes the referrers data to file.
Push a PLY lexer on the stack to parse filename.
Print an error log message.
Saves features to file.
Show cancer variants overview.
Look up each of the metrics and then output in Markdown
Shuts down the thread.
Sort table by given column number.
Returns a registered class object with the name given in the string.
rule = identifier , "=" , expression , ";" ;
Login a user if they have access.
print the status for all or one of the backends.
paginate_call is a wrapper for get to paginate results
Deprecated in 0.8+
Return True if the variable matches this type, and False otherwise.
Skips lines in src_code specified by skip map.
Create a Grammar from a string
If signal is not driving anything remove it
Configure the coloring of the widget
Copy the currently selected text to the clipboard, removing prompts.
gets the default config path from resources
Downloads CBS videos by URL.
Convert an AST repeat op to python source code.
Re-calculates the position of the Label.
Make training and evaluation of the model described in corresponding configuration file.
Backup the current execution state.
check module level assigned names
Deletes the specified file from the given S3 bucket.
Add a read_range primitive
Equivalent of csv.DictWriter, but allows `delimiter` to be a unicode string on Py2.
Returns memory stats for a package.
Get available filters from dataset you've selected
Calls pre and post delete hooks for DelteViews.
Returns a first driver if signal has only one driver.
Process binary operations while processing the first logging argument.
Convert to a notebook having notebook metadata.
Computes the number of edges on longest path from node to root.
Yield line number, undefined name, and its possible origin module.
Checks if a database exists in CosmosDB.
Morphological analysis for Japanese.
Query the hgnc aliases
Extracts the specific arguments of this CLI
Compute the filter response with a target STFT hop.
Return true if dims correspond to an n-qubit channel.
Retrieves the number of closed issues.
the function implementing treetime homoplasies
Return tuple of input dimension for specified subsystems.
Get the checklists for this board. Returns a list of Checklist objects.
login and update cached cookies
Escape underscores so that the markdown is correct
Collect data relevant for rendering ACMG classification form.
Create persistent identifiers.
Actually start crawling.
Return python code of a given dag_id.
Mutable y addition. Defaults to set delta value.
Add or remove a diagnosis for a case.
See if span tag has bold style and wrap with strong tag.
Set a gauge.
Checks if value has the format of a virtual qubit
Replaces null or blank filter or adds filter to existing list.
Add state preparation gates to a circuit.
Export pipeline directives as a JSON to stdout
Format a row.
Save current position.
return the signed string with token.
Return True if operator is a unitary matrix.
Handles the new Graph action.
Lists all of the reports currently available.
Sets a piece at the given square. An existing piece is replaced.
Create Flask method based dispatching view from injector class.
Write batch items to dynamodb table with provisioned throughout capacity.
make a sortedcollection on body.labels
Update the hpo terms in the database. Fetch the latest release and update terms.
Sets the item at index 'n' to be the selected item.
Print with indent.
Like batch_gather, but broadcasts to the left of axis.
List of channels of this slack team
Convert the parsed representation back into the source code.
all state in the register have a uid
Evaluate list of values as condition
Create a TCP connection to Riemann with automatic reconnection
Displays all symbol maps
Return output for the combined time and result summary statistics.
Refresh or acquire access_token.
Get and return the jar path for bigdl if exists.
Remove any existing task instances for the perf test DAGs.
Writes a xy_report based on xy data.
Return current profiler statistics.
Return a opened file
Load the CIFAR10 image dataset.
Give count and value.
Return string representing the name of this type.
Generate phantom tool run config
Perform configuration which is common to root and non-root loggers.
Validate that accept have not been set.
c-like case of switch statement
Send instruction after encoding.
Add body content of email.
Initializes the connection attribute with the path to the user home folder's Music folder, and creates it if it doesn't exist.
Cleanup client resources and disconnect from AsyncMinHashLSH storage.
Set volume level of the device. Accepts integer values 0-200.
Infer proteins and conduct error-rate estimation in different contexts.
Returns the RSS argument parser.
Remove comments from a zonefile
Send a message containing the RPC method call
Yield DDP messages from a raw WebSocket message.
add a new markup section
Gets next line for right panel
This function finishes initialization, must be called once all field descriptors and tag have been filled.
Get crates in alphabetical order
Get data associated to an issue
Print generated model data in human readable format.
Parses ssh options string.
Plots PDF and powerlaw....
Is the wx event loop running.
Store ipython references in the __builtin__ namespace.
return ancestor nodes of a class node
Returns a list of all children names
Build a Godot graph instance from parsed data.
Returns True if the tables have been setup, False otherwise
Custom save method to process thumbnails and save image dimensions.
Sweep spectrum using frequency hopping
Print the source code for an object.
Get pull request review comments
Update a reference.
Establish a connection to pinot broker through pinot dbqpi.
Modifies the trajectory for single runs executed by the environment
Print variables information in human readble format.
Take a feature collection in dict form and count its size in bytes.
Get the the referred attribute.
return the higher parent which is not an AssignName, Tuple or List node
Make sure `fn` can be wrapped cleanly by functools.wraps.
Turns a ConfigParser into a StringIO stream.
Check whether the "file" is empty reading the single byte.
Edit a part from an OOXML Package without unzipping it
Reset the input buffer and associated state.
Analyze document length statistics for padding strategy
Add or update a key, value pair to the database
returns True if unknown
Returns a Solver instance
Iterate over the contents of all files visible to ``mgr``.
Run tests in suite inside of suite fixtures.
Upload a single file or a directory by adding a task into queue
Get Opsgenie api_key for creating alert
Receive ACK in RENEWING state.
Return the Gerrit server version.
Apply cache prediction to generate cache access behaviour.
Show the dashboard.
Return Alea ID mapping for all given ids of specified model.
insert a child node
Parse lines and return stats
Returns an HDF5 node by the path specified in `name`
Return a TCP batch client with same settings of the TCP client
Return a list with number of missed cache lines per memory hierarchy level.
Attempts to build request data; if successful, sets the 'request' key on `data`.
Creates a REQUIRED CONSTRAINT for the specified hstore key.
Extract stops in a relation.
Check if the delivery can be processed.
Setup time axis.
DDP unsub handler.
Save metadata tags.
Get an open position
Find the best match for the configuration file.
Returns true if user entered artist or movie name
Gets the value of the cookie with the given name, else default.
Parse the user data header portion of the replay.
Delete a notebook's id only. This doesn't delete the actual notebook.
Read local file chunk
Prompts the creating of image objects.
Remove a value from multiple value parameter.
check if the module has a preferred replacement
If there exist mutually exclusive parameters checks for them and maps param2 to 1.
Handles addition and removal of edges.
Return freqs and averaged PSD for given center frequency
coerce unicode back to bytestrings.
Decorator to synchronize function.
Explores different values of `I` and `tau_ref`.
make the global evaluation report
Sometimes return None if field could be blank
Stores references to disk and may collect garbage.
Returns a Geck-o-Meter control for the specified metric.
Handles display of the dot code in a text editor.
