Run the Environment for given number of time steps.
Set color and brightness of bulb.
Return nearest long integer to x
Ensure that we're allowed to use this HTTP method.
Send card FROM CLUB to first free slot in sbs squad.
Cleanup the paths and add
Command line options.
Extract metadata entries from an xml node
A custom save method that handles figuring out when something is activated or deactivated.
Return true if the IP address is in octal notation.
Set AAD metadata.
Find examples dir .. a little bit ugly..
Read the value of this descriptor.
Get a list of jobs
Prints file details in the current directory
Computes digest hash A1 part.
Add suspicion reason and set the suspicious flag.
given a string or a path to an XML file, return an XML object.
Dump the ocntent into the `file` in binary mode.
Update this conversation's tab title.
Layered feed-forward network.
Sorts and removes overlaps
Download a file from device to local filesystem
Removes a file on the device
Return all metabolites' compartments.
Automatically apply suggestions to the text.
Decorator that sets the temple command env var to value
Run a command and return its stripped captured output.
Get URL to allow others to join a group conversation.
Add or upgrade User from ConversationParticipantData.
Return a new individual crossing self and other.
Keep only fields listed in field_list.
Gets variable value from data dictionary.
Hostname lookup method, supports both IPv4 and IPv6.
Add repo to the internal lookup table...
Release a milestone payment
Convert path to absolute if not None.
Handles the behaviour of visible bolts flying toward the player.
Show usage and available curve functions.
plot the protocol of all sweeps.
Add signature to data
Returns a list of all required packages.
Returns a copy of the list without duplicates.
Add this manager as an annotation to the graph.
replace all blocks in extends with current blocks
Add constraints for CycleFreeFlux.
General method for returning total counts
A rule that accepts a token of kind ``kind`` and returns it, or returns None.
Return number of samples in array-like x.
Find requested version in GET request.
Path to {ScanningTemplate}name.xml of experiment.
adds a new segment to the list.
Check if files in input file list have the same sample rate
Looks up the precomputed adversarial image for a given image.
Helper function to convet an Args object to a HoloViews Table
Call the search engine with the appropriate parameters
Calculates the current thumbprint of the item being tracked.
parse post source files name to datetime object
Pixelwise division or divide by a number
Return True if the buffer was saved
Set the red, green, blue color of the bulb.
See the function description in base.py
Special handling if record is a CMS NOTE.
Get the options for each task that will be run
All package info for given package
Go to assignements worker.
Stores the exif data of all images in the gallery
Emit a normal message.
Parse arguments and print generated documentation to stdout.
Return the partial assignment implied by the current inferences.
Returns the number of keys in the current database
Returns a WSGI filter app for use with paste.deploy.
Saves the notebook to a file
selects sub-tree events
Build the backend and upload it to the remote server at the given index
Wrapper for Zotero._cleanup
If X wins with this move, return 1; if O return -1; else return 0.
Find all missing imports in list of Pbd instances.
build the command list
Finds the index of the node in the sorted list.
Execute the model.
alias of string.Template.safe_substitute
Update the resource dictionary with job statuses.
Returns a StreamSchema protobuf message
Compute the gaussian kernel on a 1D vector.
REST Conference Mute helper
Parses the text data from an XML element defined by tag.
Scans available smb services in the database for smb signing and ms17-010.
Helper function to traverse an element tree rooted at element, yielding nodes matching the query.
Check that the Paypal API keys are configured correctly
Toggle between ARM and Thumb mode
Returns a list of includes to be given to `cnxepub.collation.collate`.
--shish-kabob it
Write the given state information into a file
private function to perform a single D-stat test
Add the 909 OAI info to 035.
Yield all ``.pyx`` and ``.pxd`` files in the given root.
puts stats from pickles into a dictionary
Return JSON representation of object.
Edits the row with given id.
Write extracted licenses fields to out.
Helper function to parse diff config file, which contains SLA rules for diff comparisons
The selectors of all normal contract functions, plus ``self.fallback_function_selector``.
A decorator for marking functions as deprecated.
Archives the provided URL using archive.is.
Get certificate data from an SSL socket.
Translates a deprecated GML 2.0 geometry to GeoJSON
decomposes tree into component parts for plotting
We use logging's levels as an easy-to-use verbosity controller.
Set the shape for all components
List user group members.
Return a Firewall by its ID.
initialize from parsed arguments
Called before template is applied.
State size of the LSTMStateTuple.
Runs the operator matcher test function.
Return a dict of md device define in the line.
Walk the object tree, ignoring duplicates and circular refs.
This is a parallel grid search worker for the function below.
Get environment path from redirect file
Attempt to run a global hook by name with args
We hit an unmapped region; map it into unicorn.
Submit the selected exercise to the server.
Watches directory for changes
Synced API call to get topology information
Make a dictionary with filename and base64 file data
Make sure the user doesn't override the Authorization header
Gets the public IP for a host.
Clear values and nodes calculated from `source`.
note py_arr elems are NOT converted to PyJs types!
Displays list of videos for given event.
Makes a naive datetime.datetime in a given time zone aware.
Less-than comparison
Verify the authority of the signed transaction
Returns a textual representation of this Task's state.
set the debug dict
filter out samples that are already done with this step, unless force
Create the tag.
Return an a license identifier from an ExtractedLicense or None.
Adds a track to beginning of the queue
Return the serialized course key given either a course run ID or course key.
Create the gtk.TextView used for shell output
Attempt to upload the batch and retry before raising an error
Read the maximum volume level of the device.
Validates control dictionary for the experiment context
True if expression_var is declared in this constraint set
Return a new segment starting right after self in the same buffer.
Perform the enrollment for existing enterprise customer users, or create the pending objects for new users.
Change the font size for the title, x and y labels, and x and y tick labels for axis *ax* to *fontsize*.
Uses the command line arguments to fill the search function and call it.
Parse arguments from the command line
Stop chaos while there is a blockade event in progress
Create the kubernetes deployment
Returns a data frame with Sample data and state.
Returns a blox template from an html string
Returns a BezierPath object with the transformation applied.
Convert phrase to normilized file name.
Returns an optional AudioTrack.
Loads client secrets from the given filename.
Make a guess about the cache file location an try loading it.
Calculates the components functions that need to be executed for a deployment.
Validate that an event with this name on this date does not exist.
Produces a nicer graph, I'm not sure if this is correct
Checks whether there are any bolts that consume any of my streams using custom grouping
Numpy extensions are builtin
Returns last n lines from the filename. No exception handling
Apply the types on the elements of the line
Generate 2D OpenSimplex noise from X,Y coordinates.
Creates new mongoengine records.
Recursively iterate lists and tuples
Assume priors on all parameters have uniform probability.
Return a MountParam given a GCS bucket, disk image or local path.
checks if self is in other
Create graphical objects for menus.
Records the starting time of this reqeust.
Returns true when x, y is on the path stroke outline.
Print all info of parameters in the network
Adds a new key to this metric
Sets file comment text.
Remove tags from this Firewall.
Get the menu entries from the panel definition
parse sample names from the sequence file
Removes the legacy signature type comment, leaving other comments if any.
unescapes html entities. the opposite of escape.
Apply updates to the fail metrics
Adds a deprecation notice to a docstring for deprecated functions.
GUI callback for mouse moved
Get the data in JSON form
Assigns function to the operators property of the instance.
enter funcs for SE or merged data
Get device temperature reading.
Return a Domain by its domain_name
Helper function to return an appropriate set of mount parameters.
Drops all views.
Get absolute path to resource, works for dev and for PyInstaller
returns string representation of this object
Perform a reduction operation over dicts
Pickle and compress.
Start Heron tracker and UI
Helper method, returns the edge label between a node and it's parent
This method process the filters
Runs the standard South migrate command for one or more sites.
Checks for prohibited characters.
Quickstart wizard for setting up twtxt.
fetch many dates worth of minute-bars for a given symbol
Removes the saved cache and metadata from disk
Find the beginning marker for a multiline comment.
Attempt to restart the bot.
Return an open file-object to the index file
Joins first and second read file names
Not so applicable for this sample
Indicate that value is a geo region
Generator which returns all of the statements in all of the variables tables
Returns a Yahoo web query formatted as a YahooSearch list object.
This functions gives the user a way to change the data that is given as input.
Searches elasticsearch for objects with the same username, password, optional domain, host_ip and service_id.
Writing the configure file with the attributes in 'args'
Parse multiple definitions and yield them.
Create ContentMetadataItemTransmision models for the given content metadata items.
Given an animated GIF, return a list with a colorlist for each frame.
Disassociate the `other` record from the `me` record.
Get the event log for a given blockade
Plotting wrapper for piano rolls
collect keyphrases, named entities, etc., while removing stop words
writes arrays to h5 disk
Converts a category number into a list of labels
Create a session on the frontier silicon device.
returns a list of named tuples,  x.timestamp, x.amount including block rewards
Iterates the graph layout and updates node positions.
Returns a deep copy of itself.
Returns a list of values ordered identically to ``keys``
Return a node representing a disjunction of licenses.
Find the next url in the list
Makes a function hash id from a method signature
The thread function.
Ensures that the provided document is an lxml Element or json dict.
applies read depths filter
Write bytes to the specified register.
Create a cells from a module.
Retrieves the git commit number of the current head branch.
Index of the last occurrence of x in the sequence.
Calls consume_function for each element of this streamlet. This function returns nothing
Get physical plan of a topology
Creates a simple neural network
Returns the configured DNS servers with the use f nmcli.
Gets count of all images from both event and updates.
Returns new BindingPrediction with updated fields
API call to get a specific log entry
Remove the marker if it was added to the map when destroying
Attempt to link ``path``
Returns a list with all the possible values for the symbol x
List available environments and modules
Return request object for calling the upstream
Compute cumulative returns, less costs.
Close and exit the connection.
Receive updates to the packing plan from the statemgrs and update processes as needed.
List the aggregation's bookmarks.
Sets existing data to form fields.
Returns the root mean square error betwwen a and b
Parse the command-line arguments and run the tool.
Takes a CALLSIGN and returns passcode
Symbolic version of Decree.sys_receive
Maintain our own copy of the visited set
Write the specified number of bytes to the chip.
Transform z to real-space coordinates from tile coordinates
Calculates J along the direction.
Merge the configuration sources and return the resulting DotDict.
Parse the params file args, create and return Assembly object.
write outfile with any args in argdict
run the TextRank algorithm
501 degree info - move subfields.
Compute anomaly scores for the time series.
Return an ISO-8601 representation of a datetime object.
Returns a new graph with predefined styling.
Return ClinVarAllele data as dict object.
Submission to create an ACL.
Save word to storage
Register an io-handler at the polling object.
If entity pairs in a relation is as close as another relations, only keep one relation of such set.
return optim clusters given iterators, and whether it got all or not
Called by a task spec when it was added into the workflow.
CNN from Nature paper.
Create a new acl.
Can the elements of a sequence.
Convert a registry key's values to a dictionary.
Delete a vacation by ID.
Renders some basic TeX math to HTML.
count number of sites with cov=4, and number of variable sites.
Prints an overview of the tags of the hosts.
Visualization of a shortest path between two nodes.
Load and validate the header of a pcap file.
Generate according to the topological order of the graph.
Reads incoming data from asyncore.dispatcher
This will output the nginx HTTP config string for specific port spec
Robust solve Ax=y.
fills the internal buffer from the source iterator
given a key, return a list of values from the matrix with that key.
Computes the intermediate FIRST set using symbols.
Set all led's to off.
A simple test example with two close frequencies
Set tag on model object.
Put a coroutine in the queue to be executed.
Perform house-keeping.
Get results for the query and present them.
simple example how to load an ABF file and plot every sweep.
Modify controlfield at position specified by tag and field number.
Return the list of all sub-directories of path.
All concrete fields of the ``SyncableModel`` subclass, except for those specifically blacklisted, are returned in a dict.
Return objects representing segments.
Renders a list of unread stored messages for the current user
Opens an SSH connection.
Returns a zero-length range located just after the end of this range.
Asynchronous DELETE request with the process pool.
Merge tweaks into a main config file.
Return the duplicated items in `values`
Unregister the watch with the given UUID.
Generate the context dict for the given path.
Gets the VPC Network ACLs
Fills the response object from the passed data.
Stores an OWS service in mongodb.
similar to pop, but returns payload + last timestamp
Read version info from a file without importing it
Returns best gender for the given name and country pair
create ID_plot.html of just intrinsic properties.
Context manager that hides the command prefix and activates dryrun to capture all following task commands to their equivalent Bash outputs.
Connect to a Pusher websocket
Convert range to the "ed" format
Get a template for a new item
renames genes in a model from the rename_dict
Move the body according to a set of torque data.
creates an encrypted archive of the dropbox outside of the drop directory.
Saves the color information in the cache as XML.
Return a CouchDB database instance from a database string.
Ends our server tcp connection.
Change semantic of COPY to add resource tags.
Get a specific milestone
Creates the huge number from ISO alphanumeric ISO reference
easy way to plot a gain function.
Initialize a single glsl string containing all shaders
Parse an XML document and clean any namespaces.
Discover all keyrings for chaining.
Begins the async update process.
Return authorization headers for API request.
Set the notification level of a conversation.
Tag the current workdir state.
Return `output` colorized with Pygments, if available.
The expected utility of doing a in state s, according to the MDP and U.
Call right func to save data according to file extension
Make a Qt async slot run on asyncio loop.
Identify rdeundant rows in a matrix that can be removed.
Due to NCP-1592 ensure that address_type cannot change after update.
Put and return the only unique identifier possible, its path
This function returns a dictionary of the docker-compose.yml specifications for one app
Parse a pattern.
Return a copy of example, with non-input attributes replaced by None.
Start a WSGI response for a DAVError or status code.
Styblinski-Tang function
Return a dict from a list of key=value pairs
given an ABF and the groups dict, return the ID of its parent.
Builds FLANN indices for each bag.
Bits to decimal conversion.
Called when a new RSSI value for the peripheral is available.
Iterates over a generator looking for things that match.
Given an angle and an axis, create a quaternion.
Fetch the base IAM Group.
Creates a data center -- both simple and complex are supported.
Update metadata host information
generate landing page.
Assumes level is out of 100
See what edges can be extended by this edge.
Performs a search query and returns the parsed JSON.
Gets the Nginx config for the project
Transform from date to a numerical format
show basic info about ABF class variables.
Store an OWS service in database.
Get the commit history for a given dataset
Load the dataset using pylearn2.config.yaml_parse.
Lets a user leave a room on a specific Namespace.
Gets the VPC Flow Logs for a VPC
Draw just the exposed part of the backing store, scaled to fit
Read the images, load them into self.items and set the labels.
Asynchronous GET request with the process pool.
The paginator instance associated with the view, or `None`.
make sure a figure is ready.
Create a milestone payment
Run a specific command using the manager
Run WsgiDAV using cherrypy.wsgiserver if CherryPy is installed.
Return an iterator over the models to be converted to the namespace.
Flask application initialization.
Yields all elements as PathElements
Dump a file attachment to disk, with optional filename and path
Called when the specified characteristic has changed its value.
Private function for setting options used for sealing
Creates a payload for the redis server.
Get a valid link, False if not found
Returns a list of values ordered identically to ``*args``
Generate and return PBKDF2 key
A variable is an Expr with no args and a lowercase symbol as the op.
Create a new DataItem.
Degrees of freedom.
Remove keys we added for internal use
Add new requirements that must be fulfilled for this bump to occur
Save the current editor document as.
Return a dict with the raw EXIF data.
Extend XPath evaluation with Parsley extensions' namespace
return True if this script can be run from the command line
Return an instance of the Zebra Puzzle.
Upload docs in ``docs_base`` to the target of this uploader.
Handle global keybindings.
Returns the center point of the path, disregarding transforms.
Escape a single character
Power on Bluetooth.
Unregister an extension code.  For testing only.
Dotted decimal notation to decimal conversion.
Creates and saves an EC2 key pair to a local PEM file.
Render outlines of light volumes
Translate the buffer format
Try to format anything as a 2D matrix with column names.
Get it on.
Pointwise minimum of two quadratic bowls
Get one or more messages
Get the data from a non-chunked transfer.
Creates a baseline from a specification dict.
Decorator to error handling.
Return True if the target branch exists.
Add dividers and padding to a row of cells and return a string.
See method description in base.py
Returns a dict of all temporary values in custom configuration file
Generate a string that can be added to a mdp 'include = ' line.
Compute the MD5 sum of a file.
z value as like a seed
By default, agent perceives things within a default radius.
Launches all available launchers.
Loads the class from the class_path string
Set the modified time of a file
Get the currently authenticated user ID
Add files to the repo
Extract a metadata link tuple from an xml node
Return `Control` subclass or None.
In the leftmost empty column, try all non-conflicting rows.
Read auth from pip config.
Wrap hangouts_pb2.Event in ConversationEvent subclass.
Invite users to join an existing group conversation.
Performs an un-indentation
Runs the subcommand configured in args on the netgear session
650 Translate Categories.
Leave one out cross-validation over the dataset.
dump a knitting pattern to a file.
Load more events for this conversation.
Rely on pytz.localize to ensure new result honors DST.
Returns true if ACK is received
Compatibility helper to use setup.cfg in setup.py.
extract the compartment from the id string
set the value of delta to reflect the current codepage
Stream reports to application logs
Print status of containers and networks
Provides sorting index for Observation objects
Argparser option with search functionality specific for ranges.
Return True iff this function should be considered public.
Returns a list of descendents of this node.
Unite data into a DataFrame.
Check if plugin is configured.
Count all actions.
Initialize the parse table at install time
Convert the Octave values to values suitable for Python.
Prints an error message, the help message and quits
Like functools.partial but instead of using the new kwargs, keeps the old ones.
hidden wrapped function to start step 1
Extract __*meta*__ from meta_file.
Good example of three synchronous ensembels
get total number of quartets possible for a split
Read data from Vault. Returns the JSON-decoded response.
Abort celery task and retry it
Compute Keccak-256 hash
Returns a dictionary with all the past baking statuses of a single book.
Pass an event to the target stream or just log it.
Download the metadata.yaml file from a technote's GitHub repository.
Get the equaliser modes supported by this device.
Reflects the point x, y through origin x0, y0.
Write to a local log file
Return license comment or None.
Check the token and raise an `oauth.Error` exception if invalid.
Return random characters.
Add a MARCXML datafield as a new child to a XML document.
Class method that will return a Domain object by ID.
get dstats from the count array and return as a float tuple
Populate log program list to correspond with log type selection.
Check if there is enough permissions for access
Convert column name to index.
This is the EPD function to fit using a smoothed mag-series.
Return a wrapped object that warns about deprecated accesses
save a JSON file representation of Tetrad Class for checkpoint
Register sample events.
This function returns a list of Region object.
Sets file type.
Loads pex file and its dependencies to the current python path
Format block by wrapping on spaces.
Hide the variables window
Get all arguments of current layer for saving the graph.
Using the windows cmd shell to get information about a directory
Format the date associated with a file to be displayed in directory listing.
Transform hyphens to various kinds of dashes
Draws a image form path, in x,y and resize it to width, height dimensions.
Retrieves the Django settings dictionary.
Find a SessionHandler instance in the list and move it to the beginning.
Adds configuration files to an existing archive
Delete Credential from datastore.
Map the official Haystack timezone list to those recognised by pytz.
Get the existing embedded document if it exists, else created it.
Semver tag triggered deployment helper
Get the height of a bounding box encapsulating the line.
Tempate uploader.yaml
Write the fields of a single review to out.
Returns a player from the cache, or creates one if it does not exist.
Returns RGB values for a hex color string.
Return keys for object, if they are available.
Build full inverse barcodes dictionary
Updates the code of an existing Lambda function
This method returns a list of all Snapshots based on volumes.
Return the total downloads, and the downloads column
Returns the most common base at each site in order.
Combine many files into a single file on disk.  Defaults to using the 'time' dimension.
Return a payload class for given element name.
Wrapper that runs the _step function in a loop while handling exceptions
Get a configuration variable group named |name|
Obtain account name from private key
Retrieves services starts check_service in a gevent pool of 100.
Returns a Google web query formatted as a GoogleSearch list object.
Feed-forward through the network.
Adds inputs to a given protobuf Bolt message
Draw a circle in an RGB color, with center x0, y0 and radius r.
Initialize the boto client.
Renders the axis.
Builds a single end cluster from the refmapped data.
parse an _f structure output file
Try to load a blockade state file in the current directory
Halt execution returning output data
Properly Format Time for permlinks
Logs an operation done on an entity, possibly with other arguments
Restart the stream on error
determines NetJSON channel_width radio attribute
Builds the topology and submits to the destination
Returns the interface name of the first not link_local and not loopback interface.
Download the exercises from the server.
Opens connection to S3 returning bucket and key
Spawns a new process from the given command.
Returns a dictionary of metadata fields for the job.
Sets ownership and permissions for Celery-related files.
Returns the keyword arguments for instantiating the formset.
convert mercator bbox to tile index limits
Fetches fuel prices for all stations.
Log 'msg % args' at level 'level' only if condition is fulfilled.
We initialize the window duration and slide interval
Given a Manticore workspace, or trace file, highlight the basic blocks.
Resolves modules in currently active environment.
Apply a function in parallel to each element of the input
This just reads a pickle LC. Returns an lcdict.
Extract elements from an operation event and map to a named event.
Add a sequence value to env dict
Remove a module from CPENV_ACTIVE_MODULES environment variable
Auxiliary method to reset the smtlib external solver to initial defaults
Return a list of operations. See base.py for additional detail.
Add markers, polys, callouts, etc..
Quit the player, blocking until the process has died
Read version from __init__.py without loading any files
Get the command to start the checkpoint manager process
Returns an HTTP response, given the incoming path, method and request headers.
Update entry by UUID in the JSON file
Return a new Streamlet by applying map_function to each element of this Streamlet.
Simple method to form a start again message and give the answer in readable form.
Applies one-time settings changes to the host, usually to initialize the service.
Return the operation's array of actions.
generates install.sh and adds it to included files
Command line interface.
See Schedule.value
When I Work POST method.
Removes a tag from this object
print topologies information to stdout
Override in subclass if required.
Create an argparse.ArgumentParser for run_mujoco.py.
returns a seq with complement. Preserves little n's for splitters.
index all triples into indexes and return their mappings
Start threads for a TimeoutHandler.
Helper method to generate X,Y coordinate maps for strips
Load word from memory
Initialize or edit an existing .osfcli.config file.
add optional tracker_url argument
Redefine the causes of the graph.
Visualization of a node's id.
write triples into a translation file.
Move this object to the top of the ordered stack.
Parse authors string to create lists of authors.
Return the DataManager of the currently loaded DataFlowKernel.
sets up directories for step3 data
Train model with transformed data
Close the FTDI device.  Will be automatically called when the program ends.
Do format for NVMe device
Return all events that all subclasses have so far registered to publish.
Awake one process waiting to transmit data on fd
Register an io-handler at the polling object.
Clone a repository to a destination relative to envrionment root
Return Allele data as dict object.
Tendency towards a particular place.
Repeats the current song until the command is invoked again.
Raises OrderError if no package defined.
generate word pairs for the TextRank graph
function to encode json string
Add boundary parameter to multipart message if they are not present.
Decrypts file from entered links
scp and extract package
convert a list of '='-spaced command-line arguments to a dictionary, evaluating python objects when possible
Start a new site.
Make the current window fullscreen
Prompts the user for yes or no.
Logs an error if a source file does not include its header.
Write to this and the redirected stream
Delete credentials from the SQLAlchemy datastore.
Creates an application version
Prepare pending handlers.
Determines if there's enough space to load the target database.
This function returns a list of FloatingIP objects.
Comsume all pending events.
Write STRUCTURE format for all SNPs and unlinked SNPs
Re-apply type annotations from .pyi stubs to your codebase.
Returns the word string of an integer word id.
Returns the right half of the split complement.
Exposes a given service to this API.
Apply updates to the ack metrics
Create the Interchange process and connect to it.
returns string representation of this object
Verify enetered user name is on accepted MCC logbook list.
This parses the header of the LCC CSV V1 LC format.
Get interfaces from their implementations.
Return a random street number.
Decorator to validate responses from QTM
Add and return a creation info node to graph
Update boost factors when local inhibition is used
Djeffify data between tags
Returns a list of leaves, nodes connected to leaves, etc.
Helper method for fetching a integer value.
sort seeds from cluster results
iterator for the most significant sentences, up to a specified limit
see --quiet flag help for what this does
Assert that there is exactly one node in the give list, and return it.
Looks for errors in source code of your blog
Apply state, ncluster, and force filters to select samples to be run.
Returns settings from the server.
Start resolving the SRV record.
Check the aggregate state on the pending document.
Read a value from the top of the stack without removing it
Gets the IP from the inet interfaces.
Parses the text data from an XML element defined by tag.
Return true if file is a valid RAR file.
Report a rule violation
Start with wrong number of clusters.
A hook for django-based oembed providers to delete any stored oembeds
cleaner barmatch func...
Request roster upon login.
A helper method to serialize and processes the options dictionary.
Print ``top_n`` big dir in this dir.
Count the number of BEL relations generated.
Returns uptime in seconds or None, on Linux.
Echo a setting to the CLI.
Tiles open figures.
Use docutils to check docstrings are valid RST.
Parse the entry into a computer object.
Perform standard checks on a solver's status.
Automatically apply suggestions to the text.
setting baudrate if supported
Returns the public net id
Write data into a .yml file
Minimum-remaining-values heuristic.
Decode repeated field.
Write bytes to the file.
Delete the password for the username of the service.
Returns Ext Resources.
Send an SMS.
One possible schedule function for simulated annealing
Send a chat message to a conversation.
Convert a microsecond timestamp to a UTC datetime instance.
Return only the default value, if there is one.
Distribute the project.
Generate a color ramp for the current screen height.
IC steps. See how hyperpol. step affects things.
Creates a solver from a specification dict.
just store the AWS formatted rules
Gather configuration requirements of all plugins
gets info of servers of a data center
Completes measuring time interval and updates counter.
Runs a single experiment task
See the function description in base.py
Applies the settings to the index.
Transform to Timedelta from numerical format
Multiply two factors, combining their variables.
Create and connect to socket for TCP communication with hub.
load the configuration information from the target hierarchy
Return view of the recarray with all int32 cast to int64.
If unstacked, convert to stacked. If stacked, do nothing.
return an "FTP" object after logging in.
Hack in program directory
Loads a binary gltf file
Creates a preprocessing stack from a specification dict.
Write persistent dictionary to disc.
Return a list of all keys.
Projection onto the semidefinite cone
Return the time part, with same tzinfo.
Called when characteristics are discovered for a service.
List of angles for rotational degrees of freedom.
Handle character references as data.
Given the function name, looks up the method for dynamically retrieving host data.
Sum two IP addresses.
Index a whole collection of files.
Show a temporary message.
Generate parts of regex transformed from glob pattern.
Adds a watermark to an image.
Try to infer the correct library name.
Processes a `PUT` request.
773 journal translations.
Add a listener that is only called once.
Compress the log message in order to send less bytes to the wire.
read the header and populate self with information about comments
Initialize the Dusty VM if it does not already exist.
place the instruction on a grid
Manage a database connection.
Returns md5sum of file
Launches configured # of workers per loaded plugin.
Returns a list of available drivers names.
Generate a human readable reaction string
Validate saved search conditions, raising an error if any contain invalid operators
Returns a reversed copy of the list.
Get a list of all current joint torques in the skeleton.
Get the long_description from the README.rst file. Assume UTF-8 encoding.
Change the current netmask.
check out the arguments and figure out what to do.
Handle a COPY request natively.
Guess the filetype and read the file into row sets
Search for all projects
get possible choices for selection
Verify arguments for select command
Displays a popup when hovering over a node.
Load a series of widget libraries.
Inelegant for now, but lets you manually analyze every ABF in a folder.
General list function for the GCE service.
Generate the media page and save it
get stats & show them
Retrieve a single domain record given the id
Takes data from the store and integrates into the application.
creates an additive kernel
Run a shell command
This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.
Get general stats for the cache.
Keep a reference of the callback on this socket.
read the ABF header and save it HTML formatted.
Return a single page of results, or `None` if pagination is disabled.
Return a grid with coordinates in 3D physical space for `img`.
Called when CairoCanvas needs a cairo context to draw on
Synchronous GET request.
Get metadata for a given file
Highlight a bid on a project
Run WsgiDAV using cheroot.server if Cheroot is installed.
given a filename or ABF object, try to analyze it.
Get algorithms used for sealing
Returns a list with the lengths of each segment in the path.
Build headers for each field.
Get the reference BEL namespace if it exists.
Called when the specified descriptor has changed its value.
Get the file from an specific item
Sets each key in the ``mapping`` dict to its corresponding value
Validate and set all known tags on a port.
Get the shortest possible module name
Variance ratio between ``K`` and ``I``.
Asyncronously wait for a connection from the pool.
Extract self, first, next, last links from a request response
See if the clauses are true in a partial model.
Update algorithm definition type dictionaries
Generate a fake request object to allow oEmbeds to use context processors.
Return package author and version as listed in `init.py`.
setup the style menu for an editor tab
Restore content in target file to be before any changes
Create a thumbnail image.
Add given directory to PYTHONPATH, e.g. for pylint.
Handle exceptions from the asyncio loop.
Return the number of conflicts var=val has with other variables.
Creates a security group opening 22, 80 and 443
Return true if the netmask is in wildcard bits notatation.
Copy the attributes from a source object to a destination object.
Get responses to commands sent
Convert a cmp= function into a key= function
Power off Bluetooth.
Add a message to a thread
Objective and gradient for the rosenbrock function
Creates a layer from a specification dict.
Return properties document for path.
Compare vectors. Borrowed from A. Parish.
return a list of Is where the data first crosses above threshold.
Ensure glfw library  version is compatible
Combine diffuse and light buffer
Return all things within radius of location.
package path. return None if failed to guess
Get the lines of a remote file, ignoring empty or commented ones
Find files from a continuation run
Raises `ExistingBranchError` if the specified branch exists.
update self with cookie_string.
Sets the path of the custom configuration file
See method description in base.py
Pad each cell to the size of the largest cell in its column.
Get the permalink to command that generated the dataset
Add a list of jobs to the currently authenticated user
Return `Control` subclass or None.
Publish a featuretype from data in an existing store
Get the modified time for a file as a datetime instance
process pagination requests from request parameter
Runs the review process for all the launchers.
Build Sphinx docs.
Create a new conversation.
Handle a watermark notification.
Place the next queen at the given row.
Retrieve the data for a reference.
Handle indent between symbols such as parenthesis, braces,...
Constructs the ArgumentParser for the CLI
Call when there is a change in the instructions.
Set the focus to position or raise IndexError.
Copy dataset, replicating each example in proportion to its weight.
converts an array of integers to utf8 string
Read a chunk of data
Main function for cli
update new_dict with optional attributes from cobra_object
Convert Python files using lib3to2.
Leave one out encoding uses a single column of floats to represent the means of the target variables.
Get all actions.
Send a verification email for the email address.
The reduced chi-square of the linear least squares
Return True iff this method should be considered public.
Resolves an ip adres to a range object, creating it if it doesn't exists.
Convert scaper annotations to tag_open
Stream reports to application logs
Destroy all containers and restore networks
flush the line to stdout
Good example of three synchronous ensembels
pretty prints params if called as a function
Outputs the set text
Sets a fill color, applying it to new paths.
Add another row of data from a test suite
Save a Python object to an Octave file on the given path.
Return the timezone. If none is set use system timezone
Same as `_close` but expects `lock` acquired.
Retrieve single byte from word
Retriggers baking for a given book.
Write data to Vault. Returns the JSON-decoded response.
Clear celery task data
get total number of quartets sampled for a split
groups together several numba compiled funcs
Given a document, return XML prettified.
Returns a list of Record objects
Return a list of cross references.
An aggregator for all above defined public methods.
Note returns a new Date obj
Connect by wmi and run wql.
Passes the drawqueue to the sink for rendering
Get the label list of the supported modes.
See method description in base.py
This is the residual function to minimize using scipy.optimize.leastsq.
Move a sub sequence in a list
Communicate with the child process without closing stdin.
Add menus to parent gui.
Widget Action to Make the window fullscreen and update the bot.
Runs the consumer.
The multiplication counter part of tf.nn.bias_add.
Given a java classpath, check whether the path entries are valid or not
Sets file checksum. Assumes SHA1 algorithm without checking.
Process events queue.
Edit the SSH Key
write final tree files
Given a name, figure out if a multiplex port prefixes this name and return it.  Otherwise return none.
Swaps cnames for an environment
Communicate with the Developer Shell server socket.
Schedule a new XMPP c2s connection.
Calculates the current thumbprint of the item being tracked.
Returns True when the url generates a "404 Not Found" error.
Kills the running loop and waits till it gets killed.
Read a chunk of a file from an offset upto the length.
Windows helper for ub.symlink
template apiserver.hcl
The plasma density in SI units.
Convert images to another colorspace.
Provides permissions for mongoadmin for use in the context
Retrieve the Haystack timezone
Upload a function to AWS S3.
cleanup func for step 1
Append to object, if object is list.
Return False if bot should quit
Makes the player play the next song from the queue if a song has finished or an issue occurred.
Write the creation info to out.
Obtain owner Active Key for an account from the wallet database
Return the description, or a help string of variable identified by |name|.
We hit an unmapped region; map it into unicorn.
Handle stream disconnection event.
Returns a list of parameters
Prints header for vcf files
Return True if valid, raise ValueError if not
This function returns a list of Volume objects.
Clean up a bunch of loose files.
Plots nodes to screen.
Restore extracted buffers.
Draw a filled circle in an RGB color, with center x0, y0 and radius r.
Returns Component protobuf message
Feed-forward the model.
Returns a Google images query formatted as a GoogleSearch list object.
Loads the config and handles the workers.
Logs an entity creation
Convert an operation id into the corresponding string
Halt execution and register account for later deletion
Update the current state file with the specified contents
returns a list of files that have finished structure
Configure tmc.py to use your account.
load_targets will load the services with smb signing disabled and if ldap is enabled the services with the ldap port open.
map from query parameter to query name
determines NetJSON protocol radio attribute
Check peptide sequences to make sure they are valid for this predictor.
Forcibly terminates all Celery processes.
Presenter to force yaml.dump to use multi-line string style.
Sends a line to std_in.
Setup argparser to process arguments and generate help
We initialize the window duration and slide interval
Gets the fuel prices for a specific fuel station.
Assemble a logline prefix using the google2 format.
Loads a geotiff url inside a thread and returns as an ndarray
Returns the keyword arguments for calling the formset factory
Returns the environment for actions that copy logging files.
This concatenates all text LCs for the given objectidlist.
Returns True if path is a git repository.
Resolves module in previously resolved environment.
Given a Manticore trace file, highlight the basic blocks.
Create the fragment and pull the map reference when it's loaded.
Returns a provider for job submission requests.
Spawns z3 solver process
Add a module to CPENV_ACTIVE_MODULES environment variable
Join a bunch of dicts
Builds a scope and request body into a WSGI environ object.
Register your own mode and handle method here.
get the command to start the tmaster processes
Return a new Colorful object with the given color config.
Can edit this object
Print the filters used to delete tasks. Use raw flags as arguments.
Runs methods services have requested be run before after deployment.
Run South's schemamigration command.
Return a new Streamlet containing only the elements that satisfy filter_function
print topologies information to stdout
Deep-copy an observation dict.
Returns the result as a dictionary, provide the include_meta flag to als show information like index and doctype.
When I Work PUT method.
Create sample template email and database.
returns the template context for install.sh and uninstall.sh
Save word to memory
Make an object from a symbol.
Remove a TimeoutHandler from the pool.
Try to convert a string to unicode using different encodings
Memoization decorator for a function taking one or more arguments.
Create a wrapped, monitored gym.Env for MuJoCo.
Override in subclass if required.
Command server to run async command to the interchange
Get all publications.
Move this object below the referenced object.
Exploits a single ip, exploit is based on the given operating system.
Generate data from an FCM containing cycles.
add optional verbose argument
Login user for protected API calls.
Install a python package using pip
Awake one process waiting to receive data on fd
This forwards signal to sink
Verify NVME variables and construct exported variables
Enable MPSSE mode on the FTDI device.
Add data to flow
build a directed acyclic graph describing jobs to be run in order.
plots histogram of coverages across clusters
construct the TextRank graph from parsed paragraphs
Resets the builder's state in order to build new packages.
Shuffles the player's queue.
Returns the angle towards which the boid is steering.
Create list of Alleles from VCF line data
This model takes as input an observation and returns values of all actions.
Start a new piece
read config files to get roles
Set the value and returns *True* or *False*.
Parse message headers, then remove BCC header.
Loads database parameters from a specific named set.
Timeout callback called to try prepare an IOHandler again.
Generate the assertion that will be used in the request.
Describes events from the given environment
Get the hash of the each product file
Sets the module's verbosity, and returns the previous setting.
Reconcile this collection with the server.
Exit shell and shoebot
Creates a registration message to identify the worker to the interchange
Apply updates to the deserialization metrics
Generate text by Synced sequence input and output.
Register your own mode and handle method here.
Roughly the complement and some far analogs.
Recursively retype files or directories given. Generate errors.
write the bisnp string
This method returns a list of all tags.
Load queries configuration.
Retrieve an object by its absolute name.
This wraps starfeatures.
Create xml file with fields from logbook form.
evaluates expression in current context and returns its value
construct a sentence text, with proper spacing
Logs into the specified ftp server and returns connector.
cleanup for assembly object
Update boost factors when global inhibition is used
Helper method for fetching a long value. Result is integer.
Returns nodes with the given category attribute.
Connects and subscribes to the WebSocket Feed.
Fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop.
Return a random ZIP code, either in `#####` or `#####-####` format.
Return an annotation node.
Update the state of the document's state values.
Current instruction pointed by self.pc
Same as `connect`, but assumes `lock` acquired.
Say something in the morning
checks if the sample should be run and passes the args
Parse the event definition node, and return an instance of Event
Saves changes and sends them to GitHub
Write stats and stores to Assembly object.
Start with wrong number of clusters.
Find the right provider for a URL
Decorator for clean docstring formatting
Import the given rule file
Removes this layer from the canvas.
Print the given line to stdout
Load the source for the specified file.
When a Comment is added, updates the Update to set "last_updated" time
A way to figure out the boot time directly on Linux.
List all actions.
Retrieves and stores an OAuth2 personal auth token.
Wraps scalars or string types as a list, or returns the iterable instance.
Reset repository instance.
Get data from .yml file
Get common directory in a zip file if any.
insert object before index
Updates a rule and updates the ports
Set the timeout for the communication with the device.
Removed all dusty containers with 'Exited' in their status
Create a new pattern set.
Return true if we remove a value.
Return the date of the article in file.
Set password for the username of the service
Implements the 'if' operator with support for multiple elseif-s.
Return info on recent conversations and their events.
Enable or disable message history in a conversation.
Package the project with PEX.
Return the call key, even if it has to be parsed from the source.
Converts string to FieldMask according to proto3 JSON spec.
Fetch the base IAM Server Certificate.
Stores demonstrations in the demo memory.
gets states of a server
Search for a plugin
repeated membrane tests.
Convert the input ``size`` to human readable, short form.
Use .collection as extension unless provided
return decorator to prune cache after calling fn with a probability of p
Send TCP command to hub and return response.
Returns the settings of the index.
See the function description in base.py
Creates the Nginx configuration for the project
Censor any values outside of range with ``None``
Import a class from a module string, e.g. ``my.module.ClassName``.
Makes sure our optimizer is wrapped into the global_optimizer meta. This is only relevant for distributed RL.
Applies a proximal operator to the columns of a matrix
Return a key with its parameters if it was found.
Checks if the bin files referenced exist
Check if the loader has a supported file extension
May be given an ABF object or filename.
Make a Features object with no metadata; points to the same features.
Convert a netmask to another notation.
Converts a string of comma delimited values and returns a list.
Called when characteristics are discovered for a service.
Return a new datetime with new values for the specified fields.
This method fixes a bug in Python's SGMLParser.
List of angle rates for rotational degrees of freedom.
Re-order the conversations when an event occurs.
Convert the given glob `spec` to a compiled regex.
Index the text of a document.
Check if the listener limit is hit and warn if needed.
Extract a package in a new directory.
Returns an image with reduced opacity.
Processes a `DELETE` request.
finalize partial fitting procedure
Start the Dusty VM if it is not already running.
Register a model in self.
expand the produced meshes
return the average of part of the current sweep.
Procesa los datos descargados en JSON.
Find a hash value for the linear combination of invocation methods.
Returns True if src_file has a different md5sum
Looks for modules with amtching entry points.
Change the current IP.
Get all available item fields
lists compartments the metabolites are in
expects the id of an existing dropbox and returns its instance
Return the names of our marker labels in canonical order.
Returns a sorted copy with the colors arranged according to the given comparison.
Read log entries into a list of dictionaries.
Get a single project by ID
Guess schema using messytables
use the GUI to ask YES or NO.
Return a list of widget names for the provided field.
Media defined as a dynamic property instead of an inner class.
Returns a cached textpath of the given text in queue.
Setup logging configuration.
Asks user for removal of project directory and eventually removes it
General aggregated list function for the GCE service.
Takes data from app layer and serializes the models into the store.
Get single unit of collection
Diff two thrift structs and return the result as a ThriftDiff instance
Reanalyze data for a single ABF. Also remakes child and parent html.
Ensure we are allowed to access this resource.
Helper to format and tidy up
Return items in tradepile.
Update light objects to their current values.
It is impossible to delete an activatable model unless force is True. This function instead sets it to inactive.
Parse command line options and dump a datacenter to snapshots and file.
Look through the local directory to pick up files to check
Extract metadata JDBC Virtual Tables from an xml node
Set certificate usage paths
Start scanning for BLE devices with this adapter.
Return true if the IP address is in binary notation.
Put 2d numpy data into a temporary HTML file.
Execute the count and verify_words methods.
Adds the decorated function to this dispatch.
Delete a milestone request
Write persistent dictionary to disc.
Number of bits to represent the probability distribution in values.
Dump the content to a `file`.
Called when the user presses return on the send message widget.
Compiles a file specified by path on the device
reading data from device into local file
Get LanguageTool version.
Search for a context manager
Converts to valid byte ranges
Make a digraph into an undirected graph by adding symmetric edges.
Run a command and flush its output.
Writes the temple YAML configuration
Sync conversation state and events that could have been missed.
Return info about the current user.
Implements the missing operator for finding missing variables.
Make an API request to the router.
Clear any fields listed in field_list.
plot the current sweep protocol.
Returns the absolute path to template directory
Release a milestone payment
Lookup a repo based on username reponame
Launches a new bolt from a random Marauder.
Parse command line options into a dictionary.
flush all buffered string into code
Remove the default namespace if it exists.
Returns a sorted copy of the list.
A rule that accepts a token of kind ``kind`` and returns its location, or returns None.
Return the total number of items for the specified tag
Coerce strings to hashable bytes.
Loads settings for the target site.
Decode data with specific algorithm
Course Discovery activities against the search engine index of course details
Formats the elements of an argument set appropriately
List of paths to images.
Get parameter in GET request.
Create a Config object from config dict directly.
Implements Algorithm 3 in manuscript
Check if files in input file list have the same number of channels
removes an existing list segment from the list. This cannot be undone.
Called when a slider is adjusted.
Load all Service Fabric commands
See the function description in base.py
Convert Objective-C CBUUID type to native Python UUID type.
Upgrade all packages.
Returns the list of defined names for the document.
All versions for package
Restores the exif data cache from the cache file
Get the imported task classes for each task that will be run
269 Date normalization.
Undo a supposition and all inferences from it.
Emit a warning message.
Run the example coroutine.
Returns Ext Resources.
Select first block delimited by start_tag and end_tag
Returns a list of keys matching ``pattern``
given a filename, return the ABFs ID string.
Return the value to player; 1 for win, -1 for loss, 0 otherwise.
Create a Flask application.
Parses file content into events stream
ensure that a SavedSearch object exists
Scans the given hosts with nmap.
Creates a unique filename in the cache for the id.
Init a noise variable.
Returns a StreamId protobuf message
REST Cancel a Scheduled Hangup Helper
alias of string.Template.substitute
Get key value, return default if key doesn't exist
Scale out the existing resources.
Computes the radial position of the node.
Parse CLI args. Only three options now.
distributes jobs to the parallel client
Prints information about the user and bot version.
Try to delete the state.yml file and the folder .blockade
Loads double width data from memory.
Declare all routes.
Create the upstream applications.
This function should return unicode representation of the value
Write a package fields to out.
Extract SLAs from a set of rules
Executes a raw SQL statement on the database.
Return list of files in filetree.
make toyplot matrix fig
Check if we shall add cnum in 035.
segment the raw text into paragraphs
Approve a user.
Combine the fields from all components
Class method that will return a Record object by ID and the domain.
Convert docs from SOURCE to Dash.app's docset format.
iterate over clustS files to get data
Recursively generate of all the subclasses of class cls.
Load certificate data from an SSL socket.
Only useful for setting FS right now.
Catches did_map_memory and copies the mapping into Manticore
Get the logo for a channel
Return a dict of arrays.
Loads the built-in operators into the global test engine.
Add a route handler and matcher to the collection of possible routes.
Tensorflow version of np.repeat for 1D
Register exit handlers, initialize the executor and run it.
Handle memory operations from unicorn.
Return a command to launch a subshell
Returns an absolute expanded path
An observer which sends the state change to the proxy.
Return an HTML tree block describing the given object.
Decorator to associate a code to an exception
API call to send an email
Synced API call to get component metrics
Terminate the processes.
Select a course or an exercise.
Creates an ical .ics file for an event using python-card-me.
note py_obj items are NOT converted to PyJs types!
Clear values and nodes of `obj` and their dependants.
Returns the first working combination of username and password for the current host.
turns off debugging by removing hidden tmp file
Inherits the data from the parent.
Set asset to fee
Extend length of two's complement signed integer
Makes an aware datetime.datetime naive in a given time zone.
Check if the device is muted.
Get a single item from the queue.
Transform from the local frame to absolute space.
Create the encoder instance for our test and return it.
Create the enterprise roles if they do not already exist.
Adds a track to the queue.
Return a License from a `lics` license resource.
Class method that will return a Action object by ID.
Convert vcf from step6 to .loci format to facilitate downstream format conversion
End the blockade event and return to a steady state
Load the schema file from the package.
Searches the elasticsearch instance to retrieve the requested documents.
Scale the number of tick labels in x and y by *x_fraction* and *y_fraction* respectively.
import summarizers on-demand
This selectively calls to_representation on each result that was processed by create.
Creates and starts the project.
The lambda body to transform the column values
Plays the previous song.
Wait for the page to load.
Return True if a part of the two bounds overlaps.
deleteByPk - Delete object associated with given primary key
Raises exceptions when params are set to values they should not be
Makes the callback and resets the timer.
Registers a custom formatting function with ub.repr2
Prepares the custom grouping for this component
Produces a nicer graph, I'm not sure if this is correct
Apply to the 'catalog' the changesets in the metafile list 'changesets'
Unmarks the remote server as currently being deployed to.
Add a `TimeoutHandler` to the main loop.
Try loading given cache file.
Creates a Web Server Flow
Parse the description in the README file
Injects data into the context to replicate CBV ListView.
map for a directory
Get item with max key of tree, raises ValueError if tree is empty.
Returns a serializer for a given context
Display menus and connect even signals.
returns end of exponential, raises SyntaxError if failed
Validate that the name follows posix conventions for env variables.
This just lists all the filter systems available for TRILEGAL.
lib2to3's AST requires unique objects as children.
converts unicode to utf-8 when reading in json files
Order the dashboard menu
Add tags to this Firewall.
Sets file copyright text.
Updates a value of a given key and apply reduction
Draws the editable path and interface elements.
Insert spaces between words until it is wide enough for `width`.
Print all info of layers in the network.
This function returns a list of Domain object.
Read data from device.
enters funcs for pairs
Formats answers depending on `fmt`.
Adds a deprecation notice to a docstring.
Get the data as JSON tuples
GUI callback for key pressed
Apply updates to the ack metrics
Set attributes on the current active tag context
what can be either name of the op, or node, or a list of statements.
Add new block of logbook selection windows. Only 5 allowed.
Returns true if a database with the given name exists. False otherwise.
Convenience function simplifies construction of the logging uri.
This is the most important method
Helper method returns the starting indexes of strings in GST
distribute Heron packages to all nodes
Set CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES to MPI rank if not already set
Add one tick to progress bar
Tries to minimize the length of CSS code passed as parameter. Returns string.
Escape newlines in any responses
We are inside a comment, find the end marker.
Intercept all requests and add the OAuth 2 token if present.
Perform the App's actions as configured.
Remove an existing source from your followings.
Checks for unassigned character codes.
Runs the standard Django syncdb command for one or more sites.
Creates a tempfile and starts the given editor, returns the data afterwards.
Returns a Yahoo images query formatted as a YahooSearch list object.
Report an error or warning
Reconstruct a transformation or pipeline given a parameter dump.
Start with wrong number of clusters.
Hidden function to start Step 6.
Plotting wrapper for beat-position data
Add one or more existing Docker containers to a Blockade group
Internal utility function for Unified Job Templates. Returns data about the last job run off of that UJT
Wait a little and then open a web browser page for the control panel.
Transmit content metadata deletion to integrated channel.
Parse the __all__ definition in a module.
Returns a copy of this object
Searches elasticsearch for objects with the same username, password, optional domain, host_ip and service_id.
Return a node representing a conjunction of licenses.
Given a string key it returns the nodes as a generator that can hold the key.
Resets all edge and vertex colors to their default values.
returns the classified labeling of record
Returns the edge between the nodes with given id1 and id2.
Takes a single address and returns the current balance.
Execute a frontier silicon API call.
A dask relay function to fill chroms for all samples
create a MinHash digest
Read an unsigned byte from the specified register.
applies max haplotypes filter returns pass and consens
Renames an existing database.
Stop the resolver threads.
Build transaction data from function signature and arguments
Convert an operation id into the corresponding string
Return a new Streamlet by joining join_streamlet with this streamlet
Initiate the local catalog by downloading the cloud catalog
Forwards all traffic to a page saying the server is down for maintenance.
Retrieve an object by a dotted name relative to the space.
API call to get a list of templates
activates error messages, useful during development
Flattens a variables and their gradients.
Returns chained list of event and update images.
Tries to perform a zone transfer.
Creates SocketOptions object from a given sys_config dict
Geometric focusing force due to ion column for given plasma density as a function of *E*
Create a new environment.
Check if two potentially symbolic values can be equal
Checks if the target file should be deleted if it already exists
If a child is added we have to make sure the map adapter exists
Generate the form for view.
Calculate statistics aggregations.
Start all commands and add them to the dict of processes to be monitored
For use in tests; applied UTC timestamp to DataFrame.
loads assembly or dies, and print stats to screen
Yield the sources that are present.
Write a 16-bit value to the specified register.
Updates the opt_obj, returns new error.
Get support size and drift polynomial for current set of params
Set a specified aprs-is filter for this connection
Maintain our own copy of the visited set
Awake one process waiting to transmit data on fd
Verify the peer certificate on the `TLSConnectedEvent`.
Returns the normalized mean square error of a and b
Parse frequency data in ClinVar VCF
Returns a copy of the layout for the given graph.
Quits this octave session and cleans up.
Resets the builder's state to enable building new files.
leverage noun phrase chunking
300 page number.
concatenates sorted aligned cluster tmpfiles and removes them.
Save model to a pickle located at `path`
Override in subclass if required.
Add a user to the given acl allow block.
returns reverse complement of a string
Packs a list of triple indexes into a 2D numpy array.
Send stream start tag.
Returns the ACL for the given content identified by ``uuid``.
Conditionally alter the program counter
Wrap c function setting prototype.
Sends this outgoing packet to dispatcher's socket
Run the CGNN on a given graph.
Returns a copy of all styles and a copy of the styleguide.
Returns map with entity or relations from plain text.
Swap the positions of this object with a reference object.
Can the *values* of a dict.
Authenticate with the API and return an authentication token.
dayofweek == 0 means Sunday, whichweek 5 means last instance
Returns the DottedRule that results from moving the dot.
given a recarray, return it as a list of dicts.
This will output the nginx stream config string for specific port spec
Like sep but must consume at least one of parser.
dump to the file
Simple utilities to retrieve data sets from
Deletes locks for each IP address that is no longer null-routed.
Write the entire buffer to the display
Return a score for text based on how common letters pairs are.
Open conversation tab for new messages & pass events to notifier.
Build the project.
Path to the thumbnail of the album.
we expect foo=bar
Returns an unsaved class object based on the valid properties passed in.
Generate the XML for field 'field' and returns it as a string.
expects a folder of ABFs.
Synchronous DELETE request. ``data`` must be a JSONable value.
Returns a zero-length range located just before the beginning of this range.
Return a list of not null values from the `col_name` column of `df`.
Make a reasonable class name for a class node.
Display percent of disk usage.
Renders a list of archived messages for the current user
simple timer. returns a time object, or a string.
Return bool indicating connection state
Returns the root if this is a nested type, or itself if its the root.
Gets the VPC Route Tables
Generate the HTML page and save it.
Check if the release.yaml file exists
push the packet into the queue
We check whether a class has more than 1 FK reference to itself.
Assets if the requested operations are allowed in this context.
Initialize a global model object for multiprocessing.
Return a list of strings formatted as HTML citation entries
Convert range to the "ed" format
Returns intermediary colors for given list of colors.
returns the number of bytes that the cleansed attachments take up on disk
Draw all bodies in the world.
Trigger an ``event`` on this channel
Returns a copy of the global environment with all the local variables copied back into it.
Load a 2d texture
return average of a feature divided by sweep.
Change semantic of MOVE to change resource tags.
Determines whether action 'Left' is available.
Validates ISO reference number
Get the list of milestones
Return the date for the day of this week.
Set password for the username of the service
Produces a list of ports to be updated async.
Generate the record deletion if deleted form OAI-PMH.
Return the state that results from going in this direction.
Set focus to a conversation.
Return WatermarkNotification from hangouts_pb2.WatermarkNotification.
Handles the -m argument.
Return a PEP-440 dev version appendix to the main version number.
Find an approximately random point in the flux cone.
Class decorator to add a logger to a class.
Create an Elasticsearch index if necessary
Returns Ext Resources.
Calls right function according to file extension
Returns the number used for attr, which can be a name, or -n .. n-1.
Returns a list of formatted port mappings for an app
Parse a row.
Gets within-bag distances for each bag.
given an ABF file name, return the ABF of its parent.
Return base64 encoded binarystring.
Pedantic yet imperfect. Test to see if "name" is a valid python identifier
Add the bucket to MimicDB after successful creation.
Main entry point for the thread that will run user's code.
Given a set of bodies, compute their center of mass in world coordinates.
Finds the last element beneath this object to be parsed.
Decimal to binary conversion.
generate a data view for every ABF in the project folder.
Gets a list of the usernames that are a part of this group.
Update metadata with the action history
Replace all properties of an image.
Deletes the record.
Transform from Timeddelta to numerical format
Expand targets by looking for '-r' in targets.
get user input without echo
Apply record checks on `r`.
Render a form to collect user input about data sharing consent.
Returns the keyword arguments for instantiating the formset.
Return the set of all namespaces with incorrect names in the graph.
Refresh the project from the original cookiecutter template.
Returns a command that will stage inputs.
Send a verification email to the user.
Get the amount of support size required for a particular update.
Get the QTM version.
Apply user specified filters to query
Start DMESG job in thread
Create and initialize a testcase
Like union, but ignores whether the two intervals intersect or not
REST Play something on a Call Helper
Returns the list of enterprise customers the user has a specified group permission access to.
Save the description as a YML file. Prompt if no file given.
only for mac80211 driver
API call to create a new locale and version of a template
Return the bundle ID of the application.
Returns a string of comma-delimited key=value pairs.
The first-order Barnes approximation
Delete a space.
Install polyaxon using the current config to the correct platform.
Asserts that val is string and matches regex pattern.
Produce an 'uncamelized', 'pluralized' class name, e.g.
Normalize metadata to improve match accuracy.
REST Reload Plivo Cache Config helper
Return an image cropped on top, bottom, left or right.
Expands all environment variables in a settings dictionary.
Recover the public key from the the signature
Sets permissions on user object
Iterate over the returned json and try to sort out any new providers
Return a random taxation ID number for a company.
Seeks to a given position in the track.
Publishes the ``model`` and return its ident_hash.
Obtain owner Memo Key for an account from the wallet database
Used for breadcrumb dynamic_list_constructor.
Resets the aug_state and the LMEngine
Make a guess about the config file location an try loading it.
Return a URL to redirect the user to for OAuth authentication.
Parses option_settings as they are defined in the configuration file
Converts string values to booleans when appropriate
Runs the Django createsuperuser management command.
Gracefully disconnect from the server.
Regex substitute target with replacement
Return list of Tibber homes.
Asserts that val is iterable and a subset of the given superset or flattened superset if multiple supersets are given.
Retrieve the adjacency matrix from the nx.DiGraph or numpy array.
Runs the command and returns its stdout and stderr.
Returns the number of sequences in a file
Return the description of the courserun content item.
Template statemgr.yaml
Prints latest tag's information
Get the time without TZ enabled
The Outstation has been started from the command line. Execute ad-hoc tests if desired.
Pass for nodes that have one of the given namespaces.
Keyword arguments for recreating the Shape from the vertices.
This is a helper function for centroid detrending.
Do basic validation of the uri, return the path and filename.
Create one or more new status updates.
A dict of members expressed in literals
Show current logged Polyaxon user.
Asserts that val is equal to other.
Decode, and execute one instruction pointed by register PC
Iteratively remove graphical objects from layout.
Upload the next batch of items, return whether successful.
Will parse git log messages in the 'short' format
Handle the case where the transmission fails.
Sets file licenses concluded.
Builds the topology and returns the builder
Feed Ocean with backend data collected from arthur redis queue
Convert some HTML tags to latex equivalents.
Generate event id, optimized for ES.
Collapse all equivalence edges away from Entrez. Assumes well formed, 2-way equivalencies.
append two required tasks to the given output to ingest to VS
write the output stats file and save to Assembly obj.
Start threads for an IOHandler.
Configures the session manager
Check if the database table exists
Returns False when successfully fired, True otherwise
Get the ``portMappings`` field for the app container.
Execute the studies configured for the current backend
Class method that will return an Account object.
Build the result using the query result.
return True if callback is a vanilla plain jane function
Stops HDLC controller's threads.
Return a random paragraph.
Build a ProxyDataSharingConsent using the details of the received consent records.
Returns the voice channel the player is connected to.
See the function description in base.py
Calculates the coordinates of a point from the origin.
Returns boot time if remotely possible, or None if not.
Create the tables for Bio2BEL.
Save the model with the found EnterpriseCustomerUser.
Draw solid rectangle with top-left corner at x,y, width w and height h
Return True iff this class should be considered public.
Worker function running the process.
Restore full networking between containers
Load deposit JSON schemas.
Ensure value is string.
Start with wrong number of clusters.
Do url-encode resource ids
Set a stroke color, applying it to new paths.
Read the data from the given file path.
A few checks to make sure the bot can join a voice channel.
Finish those who still need to inherit.
Check that my fields make sense.
Whether the spreading stop can infect using this event.
Return an hash string computed on the PSF data.
Deletes sent MailerMessage records
Returns the nearest year to now inferred from a Julian date.
list files on the device
Disable writing of output tap files.
Build Sphinx docs and publish to Confluence.
Return a etcd watching generator which yields events as they happen.
Organization dict-to-object serialization
Set the board, and find all the words in it.
Adds the reference to the record
Map a function to all grid_stack in a grid-stack
Improve QTextCursor.atBlockStart to ignore spaces
Launch local smpd.
Check if a path exists, and is a symbolic link.
If state is allocated in CPP, copy over the data into our numpy arrays.
Put us back at the beginning of the file again.
Iterate over dict keys.
Return `Control` subclass or None.
Saves this order to Holvi, returns a tuple with the order itself and checkout_uri
Close the connection.
Zero crossing value.
Retrieves all virtual machines instances in the current environment.
Return a list of a single line -- normal case for format_exception_only
Processes a future import statement, returning set of flags it defines.
Three-hump camel function
Applies mesh programs to meshes
Sets the new size and buffer size internally
Combine the default values and the supplied values.
wait until all event loops end and returns the results.
Implements Pulsar Spout's initialize method
Make a simplified version with common tags from raw EXIF data.
See method description in base.py
Return an existing or new ConversationWidget.
Check if path is safe and allowed.
Downsample and filter the signal
Generates RST to place a thumbnail in a gallery
A rule that executes ``inner_rule`` and emits a diagnostic error if it returns None.
Run one iteration of SPRegion's compute
Return the contents of My Publications
Determine whether tile touches or goes over pyramid edge.
Returns a dictionary representing a serialized state of the service.
Adds a random tile to the grid. Assumes that it has empty fields.
get config for subparser and create commands
Reload all shader programs with the reloadable flag set
Retrieves the cached local renderer.
Create unique anchor prefixes
Manage a Marv site
Call native SetWindowText if control has a valid native handle.
Return field to apply into filter, if an array then use a range, otherwise look for a term match
Remove a file or directory
Check if a group exists.
Quote a single character.
Retrieve the given subparser from parser
revoke_token removes the access token from the data_store
decorate the matches within the excerpt
Returns the packager detected on the remote system.
Return the first index of b in a.
Get the number of credits remaining at AmbientSMS
Creates a network from a specification dict.
Get all effect directories for registered effects.
Using VBoxManage is 0.5 seconds or so faster than Machine.
See method description in base.py
Issue a warning, or maybe ignore it or raise an exception.
Installs system packages listed in apt-requirements.txt.
Reverse tree flattening.
Trace the positions to the next plane.
Save the thumbnail image
Handle typing updates.
Generates set of consecutive patterns.
Enqueues a function for the task queue to execute.
Work out if a function is callable with some args or not.
Returns ``True`` if *obj* can be iterated over and is *not* a  string.
Create a thumbnail image for the video source, based on ffmpeg.
Number of spouts + bolts
Turns a coroutine into a gradient based optimizer.
Creates an optimizer from a specification dict.
Clear the window buffer
Create a smFRET Photon-HDF5 file with current timestamps.
Dynamically creates a module with the given name.
List of axes for this object's degrees of freedom.
Construct a datetime from a given date and a given time.
Convert a JSON representation into Struct message.
Instantiate the validation specification
Combines Q-loss and demo loss.
Consume data from a line.
validate source directory names in components
Return option as an expanded path.
Dasherizes the passed value.
Return true iff checkpointDir appears to be a checkpoint directory.
See the function description in base.py
Compute a circular masks from an input masks radius and regular shape.
Return this articles' collection.
Implements the '==' operator, which does type JS-style coertion.
Get mappable parameters from YAML.
Prepare for a release.
See comments in base class.
If n2 is a perfect square, return its square root, else raise error.
Execute a patch request and return the result
Checks whether the array is either integral or boolean.
Add particles with diffusion coefficient `D` at random positions.
Clears the input and output buffers
Returns Ext Resources.
For ``self.width``.
Returns the cumulative w for all the fields in the dataset
When receiving the filled out form, check for valid access.
Prune neighbor values inconsistent with var=value.
Unregisters a provider from the site.
Query STS for a users' account_id
Lists the first 10 search results from a given query.
Decorator to make functional view documentable via drf-autodocs
Moves the layer up in the stacking order.
Asynchronous connection listener. Starts a handler for each connection.
Square of the euclidean distance
Return a Course Discovery API client setup with authentication for the specified user.
Run a combine web interface.
Read all CDF z-attribute data
clean repository given before and after states
Joins a Hangul letter from Korean phonemes.
fetch many dates worth of minute-bars for a given symbol
Get or set config item.
print format_msg to stdout, taking into account --quiet setting
Extract an undirected graph of only correlative relationships.
iterator for JSON-per-line in a file pattern
Get a storage client using the provided credentials or defaults.
Rebuilds the graph around the given node id.
Returns list of input names in spec.
Close the connection to the TwinCAT message router.
Instance is EnterpriseCustomer. Return e-commerce coupon urls.
Return a random year.
Push item onto heap, maintaining the heap invariant.
Derive y point from x point
Lookup a document by id and version.
Opens local preview of your blog website
Parse this node, and all children, returning the connected task spec.
Parse version to major, minor, patch, pre-release, build parts.
Send heartbeat to the incoming task queue
Returns a batched queryset of EnterpriseCustomerUser objects.
Adds a preview to the index.
Main entry point, expects doctopt arg dict as argd.
Function called within make_vcf to run chunks on separate engines.
Given a string with source, return the lib2to3 Node.
Count the number of publications of each author to the given graph.
Load aggregation configurations.
Return True if license is compatible with Open Access
Convert RGB to ANSI 256 color
Restore Python settings to the original states
Get a group's members.
A string with the arguments to point dstat to the same provider+project.
This bins the phased mag series using the given binsize.
Parse xml elements for pretty printing
string is of course a py string
Extract hook names from the given entity
Asynchronous function that processes queue until None is posted in queue
Returns a list of the branches
get home directory of remote host
Perform other one-time initialization steps.
Initialise sets used for uniqueness checking.
Checks file sizes for host
Returns all variants of the given node.
Initialize blpapi.Session services
Convert markdown in message text to HTML.
Add a `TimeoutHandler` to the main loop.
Some images purporting to support both the Pi2 and Pi3 use the wrong kernel modules.
Validate bands parameter.
Deploys a version to an environment
Get most recent access time in timestamp.
Tries to remove cached tweets.
Adds more filters to the existing list of error-message filters.
Log what has been captured so far
Asserts that val is callable and that when called raises the given error.
Unsubscribe to Tibber rt subscription.
Reading the configure file and adds non-existing attributes to 'args'
Cat file and return content
Inner wrapper to search for mixins by name.
The gradient of the cost w.r.t. the parameters.
Workhorse for translating particles. See get_particles_featuring for docs.
Remove INSPIRE specific notes.
Changes the player's volume. Must be between 0 and 150. Error Handling for that is done by Lavalink.
Generate CDF diff plots of the submetrics
Every other column is indexed in reverse.
Submission to create a license acceptance request.
Issue a certificate for the given domain.
Pull a water heater's modes from the API.
Add a file to the proto dataset.
Iterate over all storages for this projects.
Open RAR archive file.
Extract parameters from a function definition
Wait until we can make a socket connection to sphinx.
Returns a dict combining the field for job and task params.
Asserts that val is empty.
Given a list of patterns, returns a if a path matches any pattern.
Decorator for RestServer methods that take multiple addresses
Delete the `role_based_access_control` switch.
REST Conference Deaf helper
Factory for creating the argument parser
Get a list of the running applications.
Snapshot bucket and add files in record during first publishing.
Merges config with templates
Returns a filtered image after applying the Fourier-space filters
List all files in all app storages.
Rounds ram up to the nearest multiple of _MEMORY_MULTIPLE.
Write buffer to file
Verify that the ENV defined NVMe device exists
Attemps connection to the server
Get 6D data.
Assign an enterprise learner role to EnterpriseCustomerUser whenever a new record is created.
Determine if end-of-file is reached for file fd.
Search for the oldest event timestamp.
Make a delete function that's bound to the manager.
Returns the end date for a model instance
Check a polyaxonfile.
Asserts that val is of the given type.
Return a valid docker_path for a local file path.
If args and kwargs contains Cells, Convert them to their values.
returns the kurtosis parameter for direction d, d=0 is rho, d=1 is z
Parse command line arguments
Get a modifications count dictionary.
Convert journal name to Inspire's short form.
Register elasticsearch templates for events.
Publish record to redis logging list
Get the contents of a file listing the requirements
Populate the instance from the ccp4 file *filename*.
Asserts that val is a date and is before other date.
Appends tzinfo and assumes UTC, if datetime object has no tzinfo already.
Generate the binary strings for a comma seperated list of commands.
Return user friendly help on program options.
Create of get a base space for a tuple of bases
Parse markdown as description
Dump a single grid to its ZINC representation.
Return if the formation of a complex with u increases the activity of v.
Returns Fastq object with the same name, of the bases from start to end, but not including end
Return link by email.
Determine minimum and maximum zoomlevel.
Picks only a coda from a decimal.
Decorate methods when locking repository is required.
Write as a BEL namespace.
Returns uptime in seconds or None, on Plan 9.
Return true if this string or integer tuple appears in tables
This selectively calls the child create method based on whether or not validation failed for each payload.
Test whether the name is an object.
Returns a Dictionary containing search results for a given query.
This function will check whether a PID is currently running
Show all messages in the `messages` key of the given dict.
Reassemble a Binder object coming out of the database.
Add a wif that should be used for signing of the transaction.
Return a str of decimal with two digits after a decimal mark.
Runs the ipfn algorithm. Automatically detects of working with numpy ndarray or pandas dataframes.
Retrieves the related value from the stored user data.
Return true if the course run has a verified seat with an unexpired upgrade deadline, false otherwise.
Change a param in the config
Register sample aggregations.
Return representation of html start tag and attributes.
Checks whether there are within-group edges or not.
deletes NetJSON address keys
Main entry point. Parse command line options and start up a server.
API call to get a specific Snippet
REST Add soundtouch audio effects to a Call
Assumes sequence is nucleotides. Returns list of all combinations of redundant nucleotides. e.g. R is A or G, so CRT would have combinations CAT and CGT
Set the base project for routing.
Send xAPI statements.
Returns Spout protobuf message
Lists all of the exercises in the current course.
Retrieves the uuid of the given template name.
Adds a memory to an event.
Return text cast to the correct type or the selected type
Asserts that val is case-insensitive equal to other.
Adds op_code with specified args to tape
Return all events of a particular type.
Rename the model itself
Determine admin type.
Check if a MySQL user exists.
Returns an instance of the formset
Return a list of personalities readed from the input line.
A convenience function for plotting a horizontal bar plot from a Counter
Registers one or multiple operators in the test engine.
Create a NamedTemporaryFile instance to be passed to atomic_writer
Apply 'assert' methods on `r`.
Return a 404 page with specified error_code after logging error and adding message to django messages.
get the command to start the metrics manager processes
Validates server information. Raises errors for required properties.
Set event in QTM.
Verify BLOCK variables and construct exported variables
Get item of chunk meta table
A single attempt at executing an instruction.
Like os.path.join but also expands and normalizes path parts.
Load the environment cache from disk.
An observer which sends the state change to the proxy.
Return a Task object with this task's info.
Get radius of one or more particles
Handle execution of the command.
Write your forwards methods here.
Play the queue from a specific point. Disregards tracks before the index.
Replace functions in namespace with functions from edited_source.
filter the quoted text out of a message
Build a dictionary of metadata for the requested object.
Class method that will return an Volume object by ID.
Notify parent of a parameter change
Create new group.
Load data from a ASN.1 validity value.
Configures the caching manager
Create a new wallet database
Returns the age of the cache entry, in days.
REST Schedule Hangup Helper
Extract JSON from response if `status_code` matches.
Returns the status of the executor via probing the execution providers.
Used to instantiate a regular HTTP request object
alias of str.join
Start the timer waiting for pain
Causes the bot to gracefully shutdown.
Declaration of routes that can be browsed by users.
Upgrade account to life time member
Rout the message down the correct stream.
Runs billing report. Optionally sends notifications to billing
Filter the signal using second-order sections
Add number of photos to each gallery.
Return a random-sample function that picks from seq weighted by weights.
Determine the protocol used to record an ABF file
Write the file used to store login credentials for PostgreSQL.
Determine if distance over antimeridian is shorter than normal distance.
Get version from local file.
Return true if the pathname refers to an existing directory.
Schedule a state update to keep the connection alive
run the update command
Worker that returns the documentation of the symbol under cursor.
300 page number.
Returns a cache key consisten of a username and image size.
return the ROOT.vector object for the branch.
Add switches as 'options' with value True to the options dict.
Lazily yields each ValidationError for the received data dict.
Return a list of variables in current assignment that are in conflict
See the function description in base.py
Emit an error message to stderr.
Logs indexing errors and raises a general ElasticSearch Exception
Set top level window active.
Properly formats array types
See the function description in base.py
Return an image with the binarised version of the data of `img`.
Calculates the current thumbprint of the item being tracked.
Write manage.py in the current directory
Handles the behaviour of visible bolts flying toward Marauders.
Check if the datapackage exists...
List directory contents, using cache.
Use when application is starting.
Reboots the server and waits for it to come back.
Inactivates an active organization-course relationship
Removes trailing whitespace on each line.
Return suggested contacts.
Return start and end regex pattern sequences for simple Markdown tag.
Copy or symlink the file.
The estimated signal-to-noise_maps mappers of the image.
Generate table of contents for array of section names.
Link sensor region to other region so that it can pass it data.
Update tab display.
makes all ids SBML compliant
Get supported languages.
Return True if lock exists and has not timed out.
Returns the lines of source code containing the entirety of this range.
Returns true if the virtual environment has been created.
Get the absolute path to the root of the demosys package
Does the buffer interleave with this one?
Remove the exponent by changing intpart and fraction.
Poll CPU usage, make predictions, and plot the results. Runs forever.
Confirms the key, CSR, and certificate files all match.
Get the form for field.
Set a text value in the screen canvas.
Register your own mode and handle method here.
Create Win32 struct `KEYBDINPUT` for `SendInput`.
Get the current terminal size.
Enable markdown syntax in docstrings
Converts message to an object according to Proto3 JSON Specification.
Generate a filepath for the calling app
Returns most common value seen in the non-None elements of the list
Process ``make_ndx`` command and  return name and temp index file.
return a list of GithubComponentVersion objects for the tip of each branch
Compute hash of D and A timestamps for single-step D+A case.
Loads all the data files using the configured finders.
Pass through rest role.
Parse an RFC 2822 addr-spec.
Retrieves the instance name associated with the current host string.
Selector has delivered us an event.
Update gapfilling model with switches and the indicator objective.
Print the last commit line and eventual uncommitted changes.
Run the actual simulation.
Expands specs.apps.depends.libs to include any indirectly required libs
Add values to the field i.
Configure the null keyring as the default.
Compute the total number of unmasked regular pixels in a masks.
Perform an initial TLS handshake
Return EntityLookupSpec from phone number, email address, or gaia ID.
Set whether group link sharing is enabled for a conversation.
See comments in base class.
e.g. ``200 OK``
Create a new temporary Go variable having type type_ for this block.
Returns a list of hosts that have been configured to support the given site.
Fetch the resource list
Add a normal file including its source
Sample random element with priority greater than p.
Return the datetime truncated to the precision of the provided unit.
Checks if a config value is set to a valid bool value.
Encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data.
Creates a user with the given username.
Sets gender and relevant country values for names dictionary of detector
Get current datetime for every file.
Processes a `POST` request.
Check if the java home set
Search for a decoding of the ciphertext.
Verify that the file has not already been downloaded.
Freeze currently installed requirements.
Returns reference to the network's Classifier region
Returns the default value for this field.
Removes the topology from the local cache.
Factory for GromacsCommand derived types.
Common repr logic for subclasses to hook
create some fancy graphs to show color-coded variances.
Remove unchanged volatile subfields from the record.
Return valid band indexes.
Writes entire crontab to the host.
given text, make it a temporary HTML file and launch it.
Return the antecedents and the consequent of a definite clause.
Covariance of the estimated posteriori.
Debug helper to print the ABC registry.
Return the Spec for IdentityRegion.
Pop all matching tags off the model and return them.
Return the node name where the ``name`` would land to
Get a json dict of the attributes of this object.
Show current allow and deny blocks for the given acl.
Deserializes the trigger using the provided serializer.
Same as `send_stream_error`, but expects `lock` acquired.
Display an image on a matrix.
Submission to remove a role acceptance request.
A recursive transformation pipeline
Convert a RAR archive member DOS time to a Python time tuple.
Check the rules for each node in the graph and apply the style.
Strip comments from line string.
Pull the accounts vacations.
Start the controller.
Set the posting schedules for the specified social media profile.
Takes an array param_vals, updates function, returns the new error
Write bytes to the specified register.
Unlock the library internal wallet
Fetch and filter tags, fetch dates and sort them in time order.
Decode error element of the stanza.
Add node from id and return the node object.
Skips the current track.
plot CDF for important sub-metrics
Remove duplicate BibMatch DOIs.
iterate through the noun phrases
Resolves VirtualEnvironments with a relative or absolute path
attempts to get next and previous on updates
Colors the logging level in the logging record
Print, emphasized based on rval
Get chunk meta of NVMe device
Get 3D markers without label.
Convert binary blob to UUID instance
Deletes the given relative path using the destination storage backend.
Put a figure label in an axis
Return a dict with variables for the 'delocalization' action.
Convert our options into the actual marker object
Choose which widget to display for a field.
Get gene info from Entrez.
Aggregate and return dictionary to be indexed in ES.
Returns the inline formset instances
Force every module in modList to be placed into main
Process a submitted track selection form for the enterprise.
Raise WebDriverException if returned status is not zero.
Register your own mode and handle method here.
Return a new Streamlet by outer right join_streamlet with this streamlet
Asserts that val contains only the given item or items.
Teardown a polyaxon deployment given a config file.
Highest value of input image.
Get the Vagrant version.
removes the closest particle in self.pos to ``p``
Get long description from README.
Raise ValueError if the label is invalid.
Private method for api requests
Generator which yields all AXChildren of the object.
Process a file object.
Parse netChop stdout.
Resolves the list of domains and returns the ips.
Passes the selected course as the first argument to func.
Takes a class `__dict__` and returns `HeronComponentSpec` entries
Validates the lms_user_id, if is given, to see if there is an existing EnterpriseCustomerUser for it.
Fill the entire strip with RGB color tuple
Runs the correct validator for given `obj`ects. Assumes all same type
REST Conference Speak helper
Takes an adjacency matrix and returns an adjacency list.
Removes `node` from the hash ring and its replicas.
Check the serial port for data to write to the TUN adapter.
kill all slaves and reap the monitor
Converts capital letters to lower keeps first letter capital.
Build a record-view event.
Return a multi-line string of the full pipeline docker command.
Get support size and drift polynomial for current set of params
Derive new private key from this key and a sha256 "offset"
Update or insert records for pending document role acceptance.
Format the redis arguments for this query and return them
Configure root logger.
Check if there are exceptions that should be raised
Copy this file to other place.
dump command dumps things
Create a nice image name from the url.
Transmit content metadata update to integrated channel.
Return an image in the given mode.
Metric for ordinal data.
Iterate over instantiated managers.
Iterate over all nodes without a score.
Parse a Project Haystack scalar in ZINC format.
Helper method that finds LCS by traversing the labeled GSD.
Verify course ID and retrieve course details.
Writes a FASTG file in SPAdes format from input file. Currently only whether or not a sequence is circular is supported. Put circular=set of ids, or circular=filename to make those sequences circular in the output. Puts coverage=1 on all contigs
Evaluate model on splitted 10 percent testing set
Update price info async.
Creates a new environment
Print ``top_n`` big file in this dir.
Decorator that prints memory information at each call of the function
Add a new source to your followings.
Process stats aggregations.
Convert a date-value to the ISO date standard.
Helper to deal with cartension expansion in unqualified edges.
Read attribute from sysfs and return as string
Entry point for managment command execution.
Test the functionality of the rController object
Goes through the trun and processes "run.log"
Parse response from QTM instances
Filter a query result.
Create a node from arguments and return it
Validates that job and task argument names do not overlap.
Return a valid docker_path for a GCS bucket.
returns the kurtosis parameter for direction d, d=0 is rho, d=1 is z
A dict of members expressed in literals
Commands for jobs.
Asserts that the val is not identical to other, via 'is' compare.
Decorated function is a no-op if TEMPLATE_DEBUG is False
Get the enterprise customer id given an enterprise customer catalog id.
Get params to execute the micro-mordred
Lookup country for IP address.
Properly format arXiv IDs.
Remove all values that are zero.
Validate a configuration key according to `section.item`.
Check if C3 MRO is possible with given bases
Return user friendly help on positional arguments in the program.
Wrap all sqlalchemy model in settings.
Initialize Grid from gOpenMol plt file.
Asserts that val is a path and that it exists.
Returns a Fasta sequence, translated into amino acids. Starts translating from 'frame', where frame expected to be 0,1 or 2
Get the enterprise customer uuid linked to the user.
Stop and destroy Bloomberg connection
Does the given complex contain the member?
Parse the given Zinc text and return the equivalent data.
Returns uptime in seconds or None, on Solaris.
handles the form submission, redirects to the dropbox's status page.
Save the EnterpriseCustomerUser.
Return a list of Segments that evenly split the strip.
Return hash of x.
Count how many folders in this directory. Including folder in sub folder.
Deploys to an environment
Check that a process is not running more than once, using PIDFILE
Create a traceback for an Octave evaluation error.
Destroys the Lavalink client.
This sets the post-publication state in the database.
Show the transaction as plain json
Adds images to the last article
Define all the possible config params
Return representation of html end tag.
Index statistics events.
Parse a sound from its name
Return random words.
Return course run with start date closest to now.
Stores custom user data.
Starts the scan identified by the scan_id.s
Sends the selected exercise to the TMC pastebin.
Returns Fasta object with the same name, of the bases from start to end, but not including end
REST Remove soundtouch audio effects on a Call
Returns Bolt protobuf message
Instantiate a new session object for use in connecting with Degreed
Fill the matrix with the given RGB color
Renders configuration by using the jinja2 templating engine
API call to create a Snippet
Method used by role based convenience functions to find a match
run the function you want
Run a MySQL query.
Return the image for the operation.
Convert cheb coordinates to windowdow coordinates
Rename self. Must be called only by its system.
write the 'object' line; additional args are packed in string
Records locations of labels and compiles the code
Asserts that val is string and contains the given item or items.
Public form to add an event.
Apply 'check' methods on `r`.
Uses python argparse to collect positional args
Get the set of variables that are needed by default across views.
Open a NamedTemoraryFile handle in a context manager
Pause playback if currently playing, otherwise start playing if currently paused.
Returns the keyword arguments for instantiating the formset.
A convenience function for plotting a vertical bar plot from a Counter
Return a dict of stats.
The local dir for staging files for that particular task.
Return all unexpired password reset tokens.
Returns dozscale and particle list of update
Handle changes from atom ContainerLists
Validate all the entries in the environment cache.
Like os.path.join but acts relative to this packages bin path.
Received from QTM and route accordingly
Update the API Root's information and list of Collections
Emulate a single instruction.
Get chunk meta table
Execute a script or testcase
fix special case for `c#`, `f#`, etc.; thanks Microsoft
Override the base.
Deletes the row with given id.
Write your forwards methods here.
Add track and play it.
FST node located at the given path
Unlock the wallet database
Load data from a ASN.1 subject.
Class method that will return a Certificate object by its ID.
Manage your group.
Allows for fast local updates of log-likelihood
Scale in the number of active blocks by the specified number.
``numpy.ndarray`` dumper.
Prepare the model for execution.
REST Hangup Live Call Helper
Follow the 'next' link on paginated results.
Returns the angle between two points.
default is to wait for the child applications to close.
Given an archive URI, parse to a split ident-hash.
Add an other account to the whitelist of this account
Insert a new rule in the chain
Causes the bot to write its current state to backend.
Prepare the date in the instance state for serialization.
Plot the poles and zeros of the FIR filter in the z-plane
Returns a set of VIFs from `get_instances` return value.
Test whether a path is a regular file
Generates the non-default metrics specified by the expGenerator params
Force update of alarm status and zones
Extract a numpy array from a raster file.
Returns true if a database with the given name exists. False otherwise.
given the bytestring ABF header, make and launch HTML.
Build list of arguments from the dict; keys must be valid  gromacs flags.
wait until all jobs finish and return a list of pids
Add a source, either specified by glottolog reference id, or as bibtex record.
100 & 700 punctuate author names.
Checks if a given gtype is sane
Strongly inspired from idlelib.ColorDelegator.make_pat
See the function description in base.py
Get currently used 'devpi' base URL.
Assign var, and keep track of conflicts.
Get responses on windows. Assume no support for select and use a while loop.
Move window to screen center.
wait for all actions to complete on a droplet
Implements call to remove the documents from the index
Calculates the current thumbprint of the item being tracked.
See the function description in base.py
Return the image with the given `mask` applied.
Launches a new bolt from the player.
Create the datapackage file..
Adds properties for all fields in this protocol message type.
Checks if we can create the project
Returns true if the given parameter, with name key, has transitioned to the given value.
Format a Python o into a pretty-printed representation.
Catch a connection asyncrounosly.
Fire this event, calling all observers with the same arguments.
Return presence status for a list of users.
Modifies up to maxChanges number of bits in the inputVal
Retrieves the set of courses currently linked to the specified organization
The estimated absolute_signal-to-noise_maps mappers of the image.
Compress a file, only if needed.
Handle keypresses for changing tabs.
Create required links from a sensor region to a classifier region.
Find all section names and return a list with their names.
Removed the lock regardless of timeout.
Get LanguageTool directory.
make a single string id SBML compliant
Returns true if the virtualenv tool is installed.
Visit a node or a list of nodes. Other values are ignored
Round or extend the fraction to size digs.
Updates the camera vectors based on the current yaw and pitch
Scan for available templates in effect_templates
Render the Quill WYSIWYG.
Dynamically creates a Fabric task for each configuration role.
Returns a string representing a numpy array of 0's and 1's
Clears the state of the KNNClassifier.
keybd_event from Win32.
remove records from collection whose parameters match kwargs
Render graph to stream.
Converts Struct message according to Proto3 JSON Specification.
Parse setext heading.
Return the escape sequence for the selected Control Sequence.
return a GithubComponentVersion object for a specific commit if valid
Returns resid in the Gromacs index by transforming with offset.
Serializes model using capnproto and writes data to ``checkpointDir``
See the function description in base.py
Pass through rest link.
Swap buffers, increment frame counter and pull events
Compute timestamps for current populations.
Permanently erase one or more VM instances from existence.
Get the complete domain name from an address.
Get the HEAD commit SHA1 of repository in current dir.
Get the lower and upper bound distances. Negative is bad.
Setup sphinx-gallery sphinx extension
Returns the sdr for jth value at column i
Expands specs.libs.depends.libs to include any indirectly required libs
Re-create all views.
Compute a circular masks from an input masks radius and regular shape.
Set current keyring backend.
See comments in base class.
Set the presence status.
Search for entities by phone number, email, or gaia_id.
Shuts down the TLS session and socket and forcibly closes it
Iterates over sites, safely setting environment variables for each site.
Fetch new messages.
Release the GeneratedTempVar v so it can be reused.
Return True if the class is a date type.
Extract the files to be added based on the includes
Sample minibatch of size batch_size.
Iterate the module attributes picking out effects
Forces the user to change their password the next time they login.
Printing of img or imgs
Decode a file.
Processes a `GET` request.
Get the path of java executable
Get the number of file in the folder.
Finds the most popular gender for the given name counting by given counter
Return current or given time formatted according to ISO-8601.
Compute Anomaly score, if required
Helper function to return a valid URL string given the template tag parameters
Returns a ``SettingDict`` object.
Turns all subfields to volatile
plot X and Y data, then shade its background by variance.
Convert one JSON value to a model object
Read and parse index file *filename*.
Should return a 32-digit hex string for a UUID that is calculated as a function of a set of fields from the model.
validate visualization url format
Effect-sizes parameter, B.
This method will add the record to the KNN classifier.
Returns value as a valid Go string literal.
Computes the initial closure using the START_foo production.
show everything we can about an object's projects and methods.
Installs and configures RabbitMQ.
Return raster metadata.
Invoke the mandatory build_sdist hook.
Use requests to fetch remote content
Get a matching valid tag off the model.
Display an image on the matrix
Submission to create a role acceptance request.
Restart the stream as needed after SASL and StartTLS negotiation.
Takes a SlackEvent, parses it for a command, and runs against registered plugin
Returns a list of User Tasks that are READY for user action
Create a vacation.
Given a datetime in UTC, return local time
Mute newly added handlers to the root level, right after calling executor.status
Returns a copy of the styleguide for the given graph.
A serial transformation union
Print a table of contents for the RAR file.
Send the initial presence after log-in.
Return all accounts installed in the wallet database
Takes a base91 char string and returns decimal
Updates self.J, returns nothing
Calculates the moments of the probability distribution p with vector v
Read a signed byte from the specified register.
773 journal translations.
iterator for collecting the single-word keyphrases
Seeks to a given position in a track.
Generic parsing method for all other modes
Remove nodes and edges and reset the layout.
Convert our options into the actual circle object
each element of std0 should correspond with the element of std1
Set instance variables based on an options dict
Returns a dictionary of for the user container environment.
Verify LNVM variables and construct exported variables
Print, emphasized 'error', the given 'txt' message
Ask the solver for one possible result of given expression using given set of constraints.
Convert UUID to binary blob
Get 3D markers without label with residual.
Return a combined dictionary of setting values and attribute values.
Copy a global module to the active environment.
Get the number of files in the folder.
Render Enterprise-specific program enrollment page.
Builds the topology and submits it
Fluent interface decorator to return self if method return None.
Format range filter datetime to the closest aggregation interval.
Get the giant component of a graph.
Handles GET requests and instantiates a blank version of the form and formsets.
Set attributes on the display widget.
A dict of members expressed in literals
updates self.field
For each task, ensure that each task param entry is not None.
Get the SSH parameters for connecting to a vagrant VM.
Authenticates the superuser account via the web login.
Asserts that val contains the given sequence of items in order.
Return a new Streamlet by left join_streamlet with this streamlet
Set and get the global configurations.
Set single pixel to HSV tuple
Validates that the course run id is part of the Enterprise Customer's catalog.
Initializes a topology protobuf
REST Conference List Helper
A to-bytes specific to Python 3.6 and above.
Removes any blank ranks in the order.
Creates a connection based upon the given configuration object.
Get the data from the response
Perform the specified action.
API call to get a specific log entry
Add lines to the block.
Checks if the user is rooted.
Automatically build the provider index.
Return a dict object representing a pipeline input argument.
Fetches the list of deputies for the current term.
Used to specify edge indices from different types of arguments.
ensure the master exit from Barrier
Get the possible events from settings
Derive uncompressed public key
Obtain the licenses in a dictionary form, keyed by url.
Make request and convert JSON response to python objects
Get the tax rate from the ZipTax response
Indicate that value is a numeric range
Test if a list contains simple numeric data.
Given a PIL.Image, returns a ColorList of its pixels.
Transmit content metadata creation to integrated channel.
Clear all downloaded files.
Metric for ratio data.
adds arguments for the swap urls command
Tears down all temp files and directories.
Release, incrementing the internal counter by one.
Clean the notify_on_enrollment field.
Sorts input sequence file by sort -d -k1,1, writes sorted output file.
Dump the given grids in the specified over-the-wire format.
Convert the Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease NeuroMMSig excel sheets to BEL.
Parse 10-Q or 10-K XML report.
Decorator that adds a runtime profile object to the output
Print ``top_n`` big dir and ``top_n`` big file in each dir.
Returns whether or not the given environment exists
Retrieve your personal timeline.
Count the number of non-zero values for each feature in sparse X.
Update current price info.
Assigns enterprise role to users.
Returns a list of buttons currently pressed
Return nodes that are both in reactants and reactions in a reaction.
Locate all files matching supplied filename pattern recursively.
Process stats events.
Get data from the USB device.
Called after unpickling to restore some attributes manually.
Get a user's memberships.
Actual dsub body, post-stdout-redirection.
Goes through the trun and processes "run.log"
Send discovery packet for QTM to respond to
If the formset is valid, save the associated models.
Create a viewset method for the provided `transition_name`
Get all namespaces that are used in the BEL graph aren't actually defined.
Apply record predicates on `r`.
Return a dict having course or program specific keys for data sharing consent page.
Returns dict of values to uniquely reference this item
Stop streaming frames.
Triggers when exiting the given testsuite
Generic address to device address
Copy outputs from local disk to GCS.
Update the particles field given new parameter values
Mark the instance's email as verified.
determines UCI interface "dns_search" option
Return a list of all children that match the specified criteria.
API call to create a new version of a template
REST PlayStop on a Call Helper
If intervals intersect, returns their union, otherwise returns None
Scale RGB tuple by level, 0 - 256
Get a user-friendly message indicating a missing parameter for the API endpoint.
Add platform specific checks
Asserts that val is non-empty string and all characters are alphabetic.
Return a value for display; if longer than max length, use ellipsis.
"Remove all nodes with `obj` and their descendants.
weighting function for Barnes
REST Reload Plivo Config helper
Return an image resized.
Check a song metadata field value for a pattern.
Produce a 'camelized' class name, e.g.
Retrieve user by username
Configuration include fuction for this module
Refresh the data from the API server
Return a random government registration ID for a company.
Sets the player's paused state.
Try to automatically detect an image field
Calls LMParticles.do_internal_run for each group of particles.
List all user memberships.
Publishes the ``model`` and return its ident_hash.
Obtain owner Private Key for an account from the wallet database
Update home info async.
normalize raw metrics API result to table
Parse a contains validator, which takes as the config a simple string to find
Asserts that val is a dict and contains the given value or values.
Replace target with replacement
Same as `close_stream` but with the `lock` acquired.
Installs all custom SQL.
Return the Exception data in a format for JSON-RPC
Converts string values to floats when appropriate
Parses an environment config
Exchange the authorization code for an access token.
The Master has been started from the command line. Execute ad-hoc tests if desired.
Draw the shape in the current OpenGL context.
Pass for nodes that have the given namespace.
Get the time with TZ enabled
Performs some environment checks prior to the program's execution
Returns a Fasta sequence, translated into amino acids. Starts translating from 'frame', where frame expected to be 0,1 or 2
Return the schedule of the courseun content item.
Adds labels to a plot.
Commands for build jobs.
Returns True if index is in range
Factory method for the assertion builder with value to be tested and optional description.
Return a valid docker_path, uri, and file provider from a flag value.
Return the value of the cells.
Temporarily do not use any formatter so that text printed is raw
This wraps varfeatures.
inputs results from workers into hdf4 array
Renders a mapbox gl map from a vector service query
Return the GitHub SHA for a file in the repository
Collapse all nodes with the same name, merging namespaces by picking first alphabetical one.
Run the actual request
Try to capitalize properly a title string.
Determine paths automatically and a little intelligently
Adds a new source to the computation DAG
Parse creators, created and comment.
Apply incoming filters only if user is staff. If not, only filter by user's ID.
Return the next batch of items to upload.
Returns list of ancestor task specs based on inputs
Recursively make requests to each endpoint in ``endpoints``.
Return the list of API keys.
returns all items off the store as tuples
The thread function.
See the function description in base.py
Calculates the angle between two points.
Return random paragraphs.
Starts HDLC controller's threads.
Waits to receive a payload from the Lavalink server and processes it.
Create the enterprise roles if they do not already exist.
Class method that will return a Firewall object by ID.
Execute autorefresh for areas of code study if configured
create string suitable for HTTP User-Agent header
Validate query arguments.
Kill some or all containers
Extract data from tile.
Save repository .pyrepinfo to disk.
Load default location.
Parse the given file-like object and return its Module object.
Make a session.
Initialize an empty JSON file.
Draw triangle with points x0,y0 - x1,y1 - x2,y2
Verify that the username has a matching user, and that the user has an associated EnterpriseCustomerUser.
Clean up resources used by the session.
Unregisters a hook. For further explanation, please have a look at ``register_hook``.
Draws an outlined path of the input text
Not accurate false due to spikes are observed
This function will disown, so the Ardexa service can be restarted
Get the earliest visit time of the stop.
Generate a DataSet with n examples.
Runs the given OPF task against the given Model instance
Initialize the parsing process.
Execute a file on the device using 'do'
Schedule a command to run at a specific time each day.
Handle unrecognised characters.
Load the array `data` in the .mat file `fname`.
The total score for the words found, according to the rules.
Create a video object from a video embed
Initialize attributes that are not saved with the checkpoint.
Return a dictionary of settings loaded from etcd.
Provide a zipped stream of the docs tree.
Update terminal color scheme based on the pygments color scheme colors
Compute the yticks labels of this grid, used for plotting the y-axis ticks when visualizing a regular
Connects and logins to the server.
Extracts start row from the bookmark information
Initialize all ephemeral members after being restored to a pickled state.
Iterate over dict items.
Get the owner name of a file or directory.
Read and parse mdp file *filename*.
used when allocating memory ingame
Custom version of splitext that doesn't perform splitext on directories
Return `ctypes.Array`, an iterable array of int values in argb.
Convert our Python object to JSON acceptable to Holvi API
Return list of all Pod objects in result
Returns all requirements files combined into one string.
Swaps buffers, incement the framecounter and pull events.
Get the current position in the music in seconds
Accumulates a set of flags for the compiler __future__ imports.
One of the Bohachevsky functions
Return a dict with the raw IPTC data.
Fetches Instance jstack from heron-shell.
Return pairs of run ids and results of finish event loops.
Transform arguments and return them as a list suitable for Popen.
Validate zipped data package
Show the overlay menu.
See method description in base.py
Main command line interface.
Upsample and filter the signal
Returns true if at least one tracker detects a change.
Return dictionary representation of pyramid parameters.
Return the total number of items in the specified collection
Initialize all ephemerals used by derived classes.
A proxy for a rule called ``name`` which may not be yet defined.
Loads this project instance
add commands to parser
Prints the current state.
Makes list of "next" links
Returns an ordered list of all task names.
We have a list of terms with which we return facets
Return list, a list of `Control` subclasses.
This function returns a Pyramid WSGI application.
See method description in base.py
Determines if a new release has been made.
Update our moving average of learned sequence length.
Responds to a forced password change via `passwd` prompts due to password expiration.
Property to display a useful excerpt representing the matches within the results
Merge multiple ordered so that within-ordered order is preserved
Create a tar file with a given set of files
Same as a += b, for a and b sequences.
Recursively finds the most recent timestamp in the given directory.
Build content tuple for the buffer
Change the priority of a leaf node
Open a connection over the serial line and receive data lines
Flatten dict tree into dictionary where keys are paths of old dict.
Installs system packages listed in yum-requirements.txt.
Function to format a warning the standard way.
See method description in base.py
Shortcut function to create a cookie
Generate the gallery reStructuredText for an example directory
Trace this plane's grid_stacks to the next plane, using its deflection angles.
Launch a Process, return his pid
Gets a value of `w` for use in generating a pattern.
Make users stop typing when they send a message.
converts pb kvs to dict
Returns the dimensions of the video.
Unlink path but do not complain if file does not exist.
Connect to a host
Loads a gltf json file
Initialize geometry and shader for drawing FBO layers
Adds a proximal operator to the list of operators
Registers the saver operations to the graph in context.
A list of axes of rotation for this joint.
Return the time part, with tzinfo None.
Populates the global env variables with custom default settings.
Add a set of data points.
Gather configuration requirements of all plugins
Extends the q-model loss via the dqfd large-margin loss.
Update config options with the provided dictionary of options.
Creates the full project
Return a single template *t*.
return a GithubComponentVersion object for a specific commit if valid
Implements the '===' operator.
Attach fulltext FFT.
Compute the total number of borders-pixels in a masks.
Adds a organization-course link to the system
List the nodes reachable in one step from this node.
Perform source code checks via pylint.
Return the default argument, formatted nicely.
See comments in base class.
Adds job to neutron context for use later.
will wait for exp to be returned from nodemcu or timeout
Generate a list of `Particle` objects.
Get a live version string using versiontools
Least-constraining-values heuristic.
Check that the password is valid.
Write a string to the file.
Returns the nth encoding
Moves the layer down in the stacking order.
Internal add_document used for both batch and single doc indexing
Get a pointer to the private object.
Registers a provider with the site.
Shortcut to insert the `account_id` and `role` into the iam string.
Deploys to an environment
Decorate methods when repository path is required.
Return human-readable relative time string.
for backwards compat, accepting token and version but ignoring
Calls the third party auth api endpoint to get the mapping between usernames and remote ids.
Set one section in a Project description
process and attach data from fortran_cdf.get_multi_*
Write all as BEL.
Asynchronous connection handler. Processes each line from the socket.
Drops the historical sap_success_factors table named herein.
Remove all binary files in the adslib directory.
Maxheap version of a heappop followed by a heappush.
Return a random `dt.date` object. Delta args are days.
The number of edges in relation to the total number of possible edges.
Initialize the random seed
Return a set of all triangles pointed by the given node.
print format_msg to stdout, taking into account --verbose flag
Customize the message format based on the log level.
pretty print a JSON object
Starts a new article
Returns a list of the names of outgoing sequences. Some may be None.
Handle connection success.
Change the password that allows to decrypt the master key
Check the aggregate state on the pending document.
Get letters from string only.
Load events configuration.
Count the number of citations from each year.
Convert RGB to ANSI 16 color
Given a lib2to3 node, return its string representation.
Sorts, concatenates, and gzips VCF chunks. Also cleans up chunks.
Print a message only if DEBUG is truthy.
Returns a batched queryset of User objects.
Decorator function to launch a function as a separate process
Apply updates to the fail metrics
Looks up a preview in the index, returning a detail view response.
Run FIO job in thread
Returns Python array from Js array
Extract a name to index dictionary from 6dof settings xml
Convert supplied QPixmap object to image file.
This is a parallel worker for the drivers below.
Create a new membership.
Restore default IPython showtraceback
Returns a URI with placeholders replaced by metadata values.
Convert a message into a multipart message.
Build a filter that fails on nodes in the given list.
Makes parsing arguments a function.
Start connection and initialize session services
Handle pre_migrate signal - disconnect User post_save handler.
get host name of remote host
Returns a PEP 386-compliant version number from VERSION.
Schedule all the social media posts.
Prompts the user with custom options.
Asserts the val callable when invoked with the given args and kwargs raises the expected exception.
Flush to this and the redirected stream
Bumps the module's error statistic.
Connect to Tibber and subscribe to Tibber rt subscription.
Get most recent create time in timestamp.
Returns the versions available
get all fields of model, execpt id
Retrieves tweets from the cache.
Sets connection parameters to localhost, if not set already.
Remove `TimeoutHandler` from the main loop.
Links the state ``st`` psf zscale with the global zscale
Updates J, JTJ, and internal counters.
Verify BOARD variables and construct exported variables
Inner wrapper to search for blocks by name.
Shows the player's queue.
Check whether the SLA has passed or failed
Move title info from 245 to 111 proceeding style.
Dispatch the event to the handler.
Return a Palette but don't take into account Pallete Names.
Return version string.
Remove this file from the remote storage.
Load archive members metadata.
Show the descriptive metadata in the readme.
Pull a water heater's usage report from the API.
Asserts that val is not empty.
Check whether a path is ignored. For directories, include a trailing slash.
Test whether a stream can be written to.
True if src is a function definition
Return a dictionary of environment variables for the user container.
Publish the deposit after for editing.
Match given string, by escaping regex characters
Loads config from string or dict
Create and activate the SAP_USE_ENTERPRISE_ENROLLMENT_PAGE switch if it does not already exist.
Decorator for RestServer methods that take a single address
Return the other node
REST Conference Undeaf helper
Verify NVME variables and construct exported variables
Read file to buffer
Get 6D data with euler rotations.
Set callsign and password
List all files in all locations.
Read the file and perform any transforms to get a loaded image
Returns a custom machine type string.
Populate the adjacency matrix.
Returns True if state was successfully changed from idle to scheduled.
Returns a queryset of models for the month requested
Set default value for `EnterpriseCustomerCatalog.content_filter` if not already set.
Write variable data to file
Check the publication's current state.
Returns an instance of base "Operations" for further processing
Uploads new version of the blog website
Tasks that should be done just one time
Validate query arguments.
Extract a package in a new directory.
Return a random job title.
Normalize the string according to normalization list
Disconnects from the voice channel, if any.
Delete the enterprise roles.
accepts a single file upload and adds it to the dropbox as attachment
Returns uptime in seconds or None, on AmigaOS.
Draw solid triangle with points x0,y0 - x1,y1 - x2,y2
Verify that the username has a matching user.
Validate and return zoom levels.
Create error handlers on blueprint.
Count how many files in this directory. Including file in sub folder.
Regiser all default type-to-pipe convertors.
Run the given function with the given args.
Dispatches an event to all registered hooks.
Checks if the given values in the config file are sane.
Enforces lower case options and option values where appropriate
Parse text blocks from a file.
Retrieve an object by a dotted name relative to the model.
Update home info.
Asserts that val is an existing path to a file.
Replaces the sequence from start to end with the sequence "new"
Return the exported and transformed content metadata as a dictionary.
Return the application-controlled IIN field.
Private method for api requests
Print a summary of the number of edges passing a given set of filters.
Return a *FileParam given an input uri.
A dict of members expressed in literals
Edit an existing, individual status update.
Prints as formatted JSON
Asserts that val is the given length.
Start a pydev settrace
Transmit content metadata to integrated channel.
Get the uuid for a profile name
Collapse all of the given functions' variants' edges to their parents, in-place.
Fix bad Unicode special dashes in string.
Get the anonymization salt based on the event timestamp's day.
The master function that is called that draws everything.
Check a song metadata dict against a set of metadata filters.
``collections.OrderedDict`` dumper.
REST Hangup All Live Calls Helper
Fetch project `project_id`.
Implements TextFile Generator's setup method
Redefine the causes of the graph.
Write the current config to disk to store them.
Generates likely unique image path using md5 hashes
Process post-publication events coming out of the database.
Return an integer index or None
Declare the variable `var`
Displays help for each command
Print out a listing of available namespaces
Try to automatically detect an image field
save to json.
Returns the elements HTML start tag
Return a random taxation ID number for a natural person.
Plays the first track in the queue, if any or plays a track from the specified index in the queue.
Resets the builder's state to allow building new annotations.
Accept a publication request at form value 'epub'
The transaction id of this transaction
Unicorn hook that transfers control to Manticore so it can execute the syscall
Remove procid from waitlists and reestablish it in the running list
Get all git repositories within this environment
much faster implementation for aligning chunks
Convert Monero decimal to atomic integer of piconero.
Return component by category name
List all pending memberships, listed only for group admins.
Apply skip functions on `r`.
Get the set of variables that will populate the template by default.
Save data into TFRecord.
Query the oracle to find out whether i and j should be must-linked
Return project's metadata as a dict.
Return if the set of BEL relations contains a contradiction.
Return a tuple for sorting 'most recent first'.
Get the tile surrounding particle `n`
Create a new email address.
Create a shared memory array from the shape of array.
Get analog data.
Dump the given trun to file
S20 unit to generic address
REST Send digits to a Call
Replaces the sequence from start to end with the sequence "new"
Get RGB color tuple of color at index pixel
Ensure that the wrapped API client's response brings us valid data. If not, raise an error and log it.
generates tc_script.sh and adds it to included files
Cast the positional argument at given position into a list if not already a list.
API call to update a template version
Return the environment for the operation.
Return nodes with `obj`.
Validate privacy policy value.
Populate the instance from the plt file *filename*.
Asserts that val is string or iterable and starts with prefix.
Creates the tf.train.Saver object and stores it in self.saver.
Reject a milestone request
custom command line action to check file exist
Find the last occurance of the file in finders
populate class properties relating to files in the folder.
Read header from data
Returns a version of env filtered to only include the variables in our namespace.
Create and return a benchmark that runs work_func p times in parallel.
Write a BEL namespace mapping file.
Given a Python function name, return the function it refers to.
Set top level window maximize.
Scatter plot of score vs each param
Provide a timzeone-aware object for a given datetime and timezone name
Push new data into the buffer. Resume looping if paused.
fetch mapped-items structure from cache
Check if an RPM package is installed.
Temporarily update the context to use the BlockContext for the given alias.
generate description from a text description of the ranges
Returns a copy of the event handler, remembering the last node clicked.
return a string containing a tarball url
Execute the gromacs command; see the docs for __call__.
Registers its metrics to a given metrics collector with a given interval
Insert a value at the passed index in the named header.
Return true if the engine services are running
Get responses on unix-like system. Use select to wait for output.
Downsample and filter the signal
Hash a coordinate to a 64 bit integer.
Transform a list of characters into a list of longs.
Close all connections.
Directly transfers a table between two databases.
Read local or remote.
Reads the expiration date of a local crt file.
Handle file uploads from WYSIWYG.
Gets the value of a given field from the input record
See the function description in base.py
Releases all external resources including the controlling device.
mouse_event from Win32.
Change semantic of DELETE to remove resource tags.
Return a CouchDB document, given its ID, revision and database name.
Run the filter function on the provided points.
Install setuptools from scratch using installer
Returns a zero-based column number of the beginning of this range.
Called when a device is disconnected.
Return a list of all non-overlapping matches of pattern in string.
Return readable rep.
Load a texture array
Pre-parse buffer mappings for each VBO to detect interleaved data for a primitive
Create and initialize a network.
Generate markdown document from module, including API section.
Returns a merged timestamp array for Donor+Accept. and bool mask for A.
Set cancel field of all currently-running jobs to true.
Retrieves the organizations linked to the specified course
Simulate the PSF as an elliptical Gaussian profile.
Compute an annular masks from an input inner and outer masks radius and regular shape.
See comments in base class.
Create a new version under this service.
Box volume in m^3.
Returns the nth encoding with the predictedField zeroed out
Return the sum of vehicle hours in a particular day by route type.
Replace an object by another with the same id.
Creates an environment from a specification dict.
Diffusion coefficients of the two specified populations.
Pyglet specific callback for window resize events.
Creates a virtual machine instance.
Print tree of all bluez objects, useful for debugging.
Remove quotes from a string.
Searches for the specified method, and returns its descriptor.
Returns all coverages in a coverage store
Creates a memory from a specification dict.
Show usage and available palettes.
Delete all frames.
return a list of Version objects, each with a tarball URL set
Run the management command.
See the function description in base.py
Advance to the next iteration cycle phase
Parse the fsapi endpoint from the device url.
reverse *IN PLACE*
return the classified labeling of record
Dump output JSON and verify parameters if output metadata exist.
Returns a dictionary representing a serialized state of the service.
Add a kappa model from a file at given path to the project.
See comments in base class.
Configure all Jenkins CI jobs.
Call the various member self._make_* functions to convert the topology object into a string
Ensure player backing process is started
Find the first method this input dispatches to.
normalize raw logical plan info to table
Uploads an image file to Imgur
Adds the user to the given list of groups.
The edx_lint command entry point.
Encode a file.
Delegates owsproxy request to external twitcher service.
Read the user configuration
Parse the command line for overriding the defaults
Register your own mode and handle method here.
Opens data file and for each line, calls _eat_name_line
given a groups dictionary and an ID, return its actual parent ID.
Renders the given template to a string.
Set algorithms used for sealing. Defaults can not be overridden.
returns a list of absolute paths to the attachements
Returns the length of the line.
Return a JSON representation of a Python string
Retract a bid on a project
Change the priority of a leaf node.
When dynamic, not all argument values may be available.
FInd the effect package
How much of inner is in outer by volume
Remove decorators from function definition
Turn the specified name and value into a valid Google label.
Asserts that val is iterable and contains duplicate items.
Check if the current cli version satisfies the server requirements
Validate that at least one of the user identifier fields has been passed in.
Fill the entire strip with HSV color tuple
Returns the distance from the point to the interval. Zero if the point lies inside the interval.
REST Conference List Members Helper
Count the GPUs on this machine.
Converts a reStructuredText into its node
Perform _match but on another object, not self.
Yield all of the documentation for trait definitions on a class object.
Find a requested media file in an app's media fixtures locations.
Plot two parts of the ortho view, the two sections given by ``orientation``.
Return a dict with variables for the 'prepare' action.
Define the list of 'exported' variables with 'prefix' with values from 'env'
Compare of two Buffer item
Wait for any or specified event
Convert the database value to a pythonic value.
Decorator for making an instance method private.
Run some custom POST logic for Enterprise workflows before routing the user through existing views.
Implement the check_unused_args in superclass.
Check if the source and target nodes are the same.
Set bookmark for starting next aggregation.
Handles GET requests and instantiates a blank version of the formset.
Figure of merit in time
Calculate `static` type size
Entry point of the Executor; called by workers to start analysis.
Obtain the first account name from public key
Detects user and project from git.
Used to check if there is a dict in a dict
Execute an eigen update of J
Write configuration to the applicaiton directory.
new faster replacement to consensus
build tmp h5 arrays that can return quick access for nloci
100 & 700 punctuate author names.
Return proper spdx term or Literal
Searches and plays a song from a given query.
plot timeseries for sub-metrics
Internal for handling filters; the guts of .filter and .filterInline
Create a new account with associated code
Wait a little and then open a web browser page for the control panel.
Returns a list of accepting roles.
Logs an entity creation
private function to clumpp results
Does cleanup of bot and plugins.
Copy a dataset to a different location.
Pull a device from the API.
Move object to a certain position, updating all affected objects to move accordingly up or down.
returns a copy of the pca analysis object
Creates the workers based on the given configfile to provide named pipes in the directory.
Plot generated pairs of variables.
Called when state change is commanded by stream manager
Get the list of parameter names for the object
Return the instance of RarInfo given 'name'.
Instantiate a new session object for use in connecting with SAP SuccessFactors
Decodes an encoded 7-bit ASCII header value into it's actual value.
Return value on success, or raise exception on failure.
Expand all reactions to simple subject-predicate-object networks.
Show the modifiers and colors
Get all invitations for given user.
A dict of members expressed in literals
Validated google-v2 arguments.
Replace all absolute paths to "re-home" it
Asynchronous function that processes queue until None is posted in queue
Verify that the selected mode is valid for the given course .
Pickled data is serialized as base64
Calculate the new score of the given node.
Iterative parser for string escapes.
The likelihood that the context is a "member".
Uploads an application archive version to s3
File size in bytes.
Decorator that prints running time information at each call of the function
Append a new tweet to your twtxt file.
Create feature array of character and surrounding characters
Return the price unit.
Make the request params given location data
Load a single document by id
Convert the Python values to values suitable to send to Octave.
Serialize content metadata items for a create transmission to the integrated channel.
Update sections in a Project description
Write the data to the output socket.
Get all Bio2BEL modules.
Stops monitoring the predefined directory.
adds arguments for the deploy command
Connect to FTP server, login and return an ftplib.FTP instance.
269 Date normalization.
Render the graph as JavaScript in a Jupyter Notebook.
Returns a dictionary of metadata fields for the job.
Return the action method to clear the catalog ID for a EnterpriseCustomer.
Fetches official missions within the given date range
Get delivery log from Redis
Unpack a structured data-type.
Derive new public key from this key and a sha256 "offset"
Function to supply a database connection object.
Calculates a linescan psf
Return a random bank account number.
Stops the player, if playing.
The heart of the matter
Ensure that shared parameters are the same value everywhere
workhorse for the self.do_run_xx methods.
Insert a module with the given ``metadata``.
Remove all keys associated with a given account
Strip the Ethernet frame from a packet.
Clear description to default values
Download a file.
Get mutagen metadata dict from a file.
Run the mongod process.
Given a dbapi cursor, lookup all the api keys and their information.
Add an other account to the blacklist of this account
determines UCI interface "dns" option
API call to get a specific template
Method used by role based convenience functions to find a match
Iterates over a FASTA or FASTQ file, yielding the next sequence in the file until there are no more sequences
REST Schedule playing something on a call Helper
Return the title of the content item.
Run a function, catch, report and discard exceptions
Download code of the current project.
Asserts that val is non-empty string and all characters are digits.
Convert types of task fields.
Pairwise distance between each point in `a` and each point in `b`
Create a new dynamic root space.
Returns the keyword arguments for calling the formset factory
Count the number of elements in each value of the dictionary.
Convert node schema into a parameter object.
Apply unique checks on `r`.
Set the final discounted price on each premium mode.
Release control of QTM.
Retrieve items from query
Print, emphasized 'neutral', the given 'txt' message
Triggers when entering the given testsuite
Return a dictionary of environment variables for the container.
Set this email address as the user's primary email.
Get position and radius of one or more particles
Create tile pyramid out of input raster.
Return an instance of deposit PID.
Investigate pickling errors.
Plotting wrapper for events
Retrieves the domains of the users from elastic.
Retrieve a task from the server
Returns uptime in seconds or None, on Syllable.
Help store an action.
Delete ContentMetadataItemTransmision models associated with the given content metadata items.
Draw line from point x0,y0 to x,1,y1. Will draw beyond matrix bounds.
Monkey-patch click's format_options method to support option categorization.
Get or create a user class of the given type.
Removes an item from the player's queue with the given index.
Regurgitate the tables and rows
Returns rounded teff and luminosity lists.
hidden wrapped function to start step 5
Convert two words to a floating point
Load a JSON serialized tetrad instance to continue from a checkpoint.
Generates the circle.
This updates the module's state in the database.
Is the key `key` available?
Copy an account's code to memory
objHasUnsavedChanges - Check if any object has unsaved changes, cascading.
Set delegate parameters. Call set_delegate with no arguments to clear.
calculate the sampling period in seconds
Return a random sentence to be used as e.g. an e-mail subject.
Build common context parts used by different handlers in this view.
Establishes a connection to the Lavalink server.
Sets file dependencies.
Convert from eclipse projects format to grimoire projects json format
Build the elasticsearch query.
Return stripped HTML, keeping only MathML.
returns a seq array with 'RSKYWM' randomly replaced with resolved bases
Initialize a new polyaxonfile specification.
Asserts that the val is identical to other, via 'is' compare.
Produce a default variable name if none is specified.
Generates a centered boolean mask of a 3D sphere
A dict of members expressed in literals
Recursively finds size of objects
This function returns a list of Image object.
Run a shell command.
Aggregate indexed events.
Output the HBP knowledge graph to the desktop
Returns sha1 hash of the file supplied as an argument
Validate that a particular image size.
Computing the scale parameter.
Widget Action to Toggle fullscreen from the GUI
Update current price info async.
Asserts that val is a dict and does not contain the given value or values.
Draws a curve relatively to the last point.
Performs the actual sending action and returns the result
returns the specified list segment.
Wraps Lock.acquire
Returns a list of command names supported
Convert list of dictionaries to dictionary of lists
Get a single fact from this node.
Calculate the one-sided probability of getting a value more extreme than the distribution.
Append the item to the metadata.
Given a function, parse the docstring as YAML and return a dictionary of info.
Returns the mean length of the sequences in the input file. By default uses all sequences. To limit to the first N sequences, use limit=N
Return the id for the given content_metadata_item, `uuid` for programs or `key` for other content
Called if no explicit visitor function exists for a node.
Destructively rips this element out of the tree.
Binary to decimal conversion.
Creates the virtual environment.
Translate string into character texture positions
Recursive calculation of scene bbox
determine the comment cooked in the protocol.
Print parents' names and epithets.
Return the subset of the list NAMES that match PAT
Use `kwargs` to select for desired attributes from list of zipcode dicts
List of our member variables that we don't need to be saved
Adds partition id for pattern index
Determine the current git branch
Resize an image for metadata tags, and return an absolute URL to it.
Check if a path exists, and is a file.
Render data with template and then write to path
For each edge expecting a word of this category here, extend the edge.
return "YYYY-MM-DD" when the file was modified.
Normalised data points using numpy.
Makes the HTTP request.
Delete log file.
Create a fixed project
adds any siblings that may have a decent score to this node
Does nothing. Kept here for API compatibility
Compute the xticks labels of this grid, used for plotting the x-axis ticks when visualizing a regular
A helper method for scanning the footpaths. Updates self._stop_profiles accordingly
Returns a description of the dataset
Get the Git version.
Create separate dictionary of supported filter values provided
Return `Control` subclass or None.
Encode an attribute dict into a byte string.
Gets the VPC Subnets
Forces a flush from the internal queue to the server
Initialize the bucket map assuming the given number of maxBuckets.
Synchronous POST request. ``data`` must be a JSONable value.
Copy a file or directory
Print the shader lines
Returns all transactions and forged blocks by voters clustered around a single delegate_address
Execute action, add a new tile, update the score & return the reward.
Run WsgiDAV using ext_wsgiutils_server from the wsgidav package.
Make a new Match object from a sequence or iterable
Return a list of strings formatted as HTML bibliography entries
Start scanning for BLE devices.
Removes this satchel from global registeries.
Downsample and filter the signal
Configure and create Flask app.
The standard method called to apply functionality when the manifest changes.
Return a new SplitResult object replacing specified fields with new values
Return the class corresponding to the given temporalImp string
Create the parse for the update command
Print help; same as using ``?`` in ``ipython``. long=True also gives call signature.
expand a path config given as a tuple
"Validate this Data Package.
See the function description in base.py
Update the list of the running process and return the list
Decorator for functions that require anomaly models.
Sync the topologies with the statemgrs.
Convert a list of JSON values to a list of models
Unless *name* is provided, insert *infix* before the extension *ext* of *default*.
Installs system packages listed as required by services this host uses.
Output object of driver.
See method description in base.py
Return the popped value.  Raise KeyError if empty.
Find and load the build backend
Create parameter in SBML model.
Evaluate environment markers.
Same as a + b, for a and b sequences.
An improved version of fabric.operations.reboot with better error handling.
Hack in a data directory
Convert XML string into etree.Element.
Creates a distribution from a specification dict.
Get closer to your EOL
Performs a search query and returns the parsed JSON.
Check if a package is installed.
Used by default implementation for finding excerpt
Fetches the specific IAM group inline-policy document.
Convert numeric and literal version information to numeric format
write back json response
Compact representation of all simulation parameters
Check if each request is allowed to access the current resource.
Returns encodings for all the records
Compute the total number of borders-pixels in a masks.
Removes the specfied course from the specified organization
See comments in base class.
Return a value wrapped in the selected CSI and does a reset.
combination of membrane test and IV steps.
gets inventory of one data center
Imports a single experience to memory.
Convert a JSON representation into Value message.
Convert sequence of numerics to timedelta
Deserializes model from checkpointDir using capnproto
See the function description in base.py
Assumes level is out of 100
Get current light data, set and return as list of Bulb objects.
Decorator to re-try API calls after asking the user for authentication.
Simple tests to flag problems with a ``make_ndx`` run.
Analyse an OpenStreetMap changeset.
use the GUI to pop up a message.
Initialize geometry and shader for drawing FBO layers
Compute timestamps for current populations.
The exact opposite of _encrypt
Worker Agent generator, receives an Agent class and creates a Worker Agent class that inherits from that Agent.
Scale context based on difference between bot size and widget
Return a new date with new values for the specified fields.
Generates a rsync of all deployable code.
Set the IP address and the netmask.
Retrieve the official version nearest the one given.
Make a dict that accumulates the values for each key in an iterator of doubles.
Update number of trials for missing values
Get actor for the statement.
Apply header checks on the given record `r`.
Get item with min key of tree, raises ValueError if tree is empty.
Draw a daisy at x, y
Helper to raise an AssertionError, and optionally prepend custom description.
Get historic data.
Check whether sceneInfo is valid to download from AWS Storage.
Updates an application version
List names of options and positional arguments.
Configures redirect URI parameters for OAuth2WebServerFlow.
Adds new tweets to the cache.
Create a citation timeline counter from the graph.
List aggregation bookmarks.
Return the best effort start_date.
Return a Snapshot by its ID.
Show the modifiers and colors
Returns a deep copy of the list.
Close the policy instance and its database connection pool.
Returns a batched queryset of User objects.
The URL to access this preview.
Goes through the tsuite and processes "*.log"
Run SWIG with specified parameters
Get a modelx object from its full name.
Get specific GroupAdmin object.
Create an argument parser, adding in the list of providers.
Add and return the root document node to graph.
Just quote out stuff before sending it out
Delete the enterprise roles.
return at most n array items, move the cursor.
Maxheap version of a heappop.
Require that the named `field` has the right `data_type`
Get the modes supported by this device.
pass in a list of options, promt the user to select one, and return the selected option or None
Summarize the stability of the graph.
True if each output contains at least one file or no output specified.
Returns all active bets
reads in .loci and builds alleles from case characters
Command line entrypoint to reduce technote metadata.
Calculate extra gas fee
Decrypt the encrypted masterkey
Given the model, check the license is one valid for publication.
Runs the checker.py scripts to detect the os.
Makes a list unique
Plays immediately a song.
Convert to a value to send to Octave.
Extract a package in a new temporary directory.
Collate temp fastq files in tmp-dir into 1 gzipped sample.
Unlink and free the XML node owned by `self`.
Get pull function code string
Args for the init command
Parse the options, set defaults and then fire up PhantomJS.
Remove None-valued and configuration-related keyworded arguments
Stop the builder if it's running.
Return redirect to embargo error page if the given user is blocked.
Generate a summary sheet.
process and attach data from fortran_cdf.get_multi_*
Update existing challenge on the server
Parses ldapdomaindump files and stores hosts and users in elasticsearch.
Check the chunk is offline or not
Translate dict parameters to string
Generator for complete lines, received from the server
Get 3D markers.
Interal draw method, simply prints to screen
Walk the object tree, pretty-printing each branch.
Returns a list of two actions per gcs bucket to mount.
Register signal receivers which send events.
Export a SPIA data dictionary into a directory as several TSV documents.
If sort_type is None - inverse current sort for field, if no sorted - use asc
Create the enterprise roles if they do not already exist.
Write compressed variable data to file
Asserts that val is equal to one of the given items.
Commands for experiment groups.
Return a range as nested dict of openpyxl cells.
Clean up any created database and schema.
Returns the task_descriptor corresponding to task_id.
Retrieve a list of actions supported by the object.
Merge changes with latest published version.
We are transitioning from a noncomment to a comment.
Set single pixel to HSV tuple
Handle the case where the employee on SAPSF's side is marked as inactive.
REST Conference RecordStart helper
A to-bytes specific to Python 3.5 and below.
Handle the field, value pair.
Generates a dictionary that contains all collected statistics.
Display an image on the matrix
similar to 'pkg-config --modversion GraphicsMagick++'
Determine if a file is empty or not.
Process current member with 'op' operation.
Create an A-HREF tag that points to another page usable in paginate.
Default editor updating of readme content.
Returns a Bool of whether the algorithm has found a satisfactory minimum
Remove user from a group.
Find the given 'pattern' in 'content'
Write your forwards methods here.
Shows some stats about the currently playing song.
Single metric graphing function
Remove hidden notes and tag a CERN if detected.
Load up StoredProviders from url if it is an oembed scheme
Return a random bank identification number.
Plays previous track if it exist, if it doesn't raises a NoPreviousTrack error.
Inserts a binder tree into the archive.
Add a private key to the wallet database
The gradient of the cost w.r.t. the parameters.
Read all environment variables to see if they contain PERI
Replace mutagen metadata field list values in mutagen tags with the first list value.
Set the time zone data of this object from a _tzfile object
Remove the IP packet layer, yielding the transport layer.
SHOULD BE PRIVATE METHOD
Submission to remove an ACL.
Remove an other account from any list of this account
Delete an acl.
REST Cancel a Scheduled Play Helper
If intervals intersect, returns their intersection, otherwise returns None
Wait for the event, run the task, trigger the next task.
Return the description of the content item.
determines UCI interface "proto" option
Return the specified item in a pop up menu.
API call to create a template
Return the most recent timestamp in the operation.
Called after unpickling to restore some attributes manually.
Correct, normalized version of Barnes
Commands for projects.
Asserts that val is non-empty string and all characters are lowercase.
Invoke 'each' methods on `r`.
Process the above form.
Returns the supplied URL.
Creates arguments and parses user input
Calculate the tanimoto set similarity.
Returns a command that will stage recursive inputs.
Get position of one or more particles
Send a notification about a duplicate signup.
List items from query
Start RT from file. You need to be in control of QTM to be able to do this.
Triggers when exiting the given testrun
Verify PCI variables and construct exported variables
Write as a BEL annotation.
Returns uptime in seconds if even remotely possible, or None if not.
Convert next and previous from URLs to integers
Draw rectangle with top-left corner at x,y, width w and height h
Update ContentMetadataItemTransmision models for the given content metadata items.
Formats a string with color
Retrieves the users from elastic.
Plotting wrapper for pitch contours
Create a tile pyramid out of an input raster dataset.
Decorate methods when synchronizing repository is required.
Load deposit schema forms.
Convert two words to a floating point
hidden wrapped function to start step 4
Checks the arguments to brutefore and spawns greenlets to perform the bruteforcing.
Get or create a function pointer of the given name.
Generator which returns all of the statements in all of the settings tables
Disconnects the player from the voice channel and clears its queue.
Create and return full file path for DayOne entry
Return the list of publications that need moderation.
Copy code running in current environment to memory
reset the failed connection counters
Get the Marathon networking mode for the app.
Enters results arrays into the HDF5 database.
get span distance for each locus in original seqarray
return list with the repositories for a backend_section
return True if callback is an instance of a class
Build the result using the query result.
Return random sentences.
Calculate how many days the month spans.
Returns first found fileName property or None if not found.
Sets each key in the ``mapping`` dict to its corresponding value
Build common context parts used by different handlers in this view.
Set connection parameters. Call set_connection with no arguments to clear.
Return keys for object, if they are available.
Find the file provider for a URI.
Make a copy of itself and return it.
Cumulative distribution function for the traingle distribution
Commands for bookmarks.
Asserts that val is not equal to other.
Ternary operation use threshold computed with weights.
Widget Action to toggle showing the variables window.
Returns the filename of the appropriate sakefile
Validate that a particular image extension.
This function returns a list of Size object.
Feed Ocean with backend data collected from arthur redis queue
Add all of the members of the complex abundances to the graph.
Index statistics events.
Download URL to a file.
updates an existing list segment.
Returns the job-id or job-id.task-id for the operation.
Create fork and store it in current instance
Returns a dictionary value
Wraps Lock.release
Draw a line using relative coordinates.
Retun an instance of TibberHome for given home id.
Asserts that val is a dict and contains the given entry or entries.
Makes a multi fasta file of random sequences, all the same length
Yield successive n-sized chunks from dictionary.
Append a header, preserving any duplicate entries.
parse requirements.txt, ignore links, exclude comments
Append the items to the metadata.
Assign if a value is greater than or less than a cutoff.
Lists the packages that require the given package.
Octal to decimal conversion.
Visit a node or a list of nodes. Other values are ignored
Given a Variable and a value, cleans it out
Determines all modules that script transitively depends upon.
List of zipcode dicts where zipcode prefix matches `partial_zipcode`
Format a time in seconds.
return an abf of the *FIRST* of every type of thing.
Load a file in text mode
Draw scene and mesh bounding boxes
Indexes the row based on the request parameters.
Check if a path exists, and is a directory.
Render the toolbar for the given config.
Rebuilds the partition Id map using the given partitionIdList
Returns args dictionary from the calling method
Apply a template to a temporary directory and then copy results to target.
Create Win32 struct `HARDWAREINPUT` for `SendInput`.
Get one or more projects
convert ark timestamp to unix timestamp
Normalised data points using pure Python.
returns a dict of active folders with days as keys.
Store a training sample and associated category label
if the article has meta canonical link set in the url
The 1D index mappings between the unmasked sparse-grid and masked sparse grid.
Create a colourbar with limits of lwr and upr
Check whether the git executable is found.
Use all decompressor possible to make the stream
Gets the Internet Gateway details about a VPC
Decode a rawstr packet arriving from the socket into a dict.
Return `Control` subclass or None.
Provide resultset in our desired format from elasticsearch results
Move a file or directory
Asynchronous POST request with the process pool.
Return the overlap between bucket indices i and j
Get the data from a chunked transfer.
Executes action 'Left'.
Make sure a DB specifier exists, creating it if necessary.
Initialize multiple shader strings
Adds this satchel to the global registeries for fast lookup from other satchels.
Stop scanning for BLE devices.
Return a list of dicts which are dumped CSL JSON
Generate comparison results for a same-tagged range.
Upsample and filter the signal
Run one iteration of TMRegion's compute
A rule that accepts token of kind ``newline`` and returns an empty list.
Check if a PostgreSQL user exists.
Return valid band indexes.
expand a path config given as a string
Combine the default values and the supplied values.
Build extra args map
See the function description in base.py
"Lazily yields each ValidationError for the received data dict.
See method description in base.py
Split the file and return the list of filenames.
Stop logging to logfile and console.
Adds a model chooser definition to the registry.
Returns all the topologies for a given state manager.
Remove an element. If not a member, raise a KeyError.
See method description in base.py
Process bounds as defined in the configuration.
Uninstalls all blacklisted packages.
Test if a file is located within the given directory.
Writes the given content to a local temporary file.
Return the number of times b occurs in a.
Split a string with comma or space-separated elements into a list.
Return the metabolite weight times its stoichiometric coefficient.
wrap a function that returns a dir, making sure it exists
Creates an agent from a specification dict.
Wrapper for etree.SubElement, that takes care of unsupported nsmap option.
Hack in texture directory
Check if the given key id exists in apt keyring.
Initialize all ephemeral members after being restored to a pickled state.
Deletes the record.
Writes the message as part of the response and sets 404 status.
Dump args to config file.
Retrieve the currently active policy version document for every managed policy that is attached to the role.
Log an event on the CouchDB server.
Used by default property excerpt
Return pathlib.Path for a data-file with given hash and prefix.
Deletes all the values in the dataset
Return a form class for a given string pointing to a lockdown form.
For a deflection stack, comput a new grid stack but subtracting the deflections
See comments in base class.
Course key object validation
Convert a JSON representation into ListValue message.
gets inventory of one data center
Constructs the extra Replay memory.
OBSOLETE WAY TO INDEX A FOLDER.
Read points from istream and output to ostream.
Translate selection for a single res to make_ndx syntax.
indicate whether the current item is the last one in a generator
Set brightness of bulb.
Assumes level is out of 100
Round to multiple of any number.
Convert the input, which is in normal space, into log space
Export all keys in the stash to a list or a file
Wait until there is a state.
Merge donor and acceptor timestamps, computes `ts`, `a_ch`, `part`.
Pyqt specific resize callback.
use the GUI to ask for a string.
Filter the changesets that intersects with the geojson geometry.
Return the wildcard bits notation of the netmask.
Deletes and recreates one or more VM instances.
Returns the center point of the path, disregarding transforms.
Return a new time with new values for the specified fields.
Return a list of unordered intersection points.
Get object for the statement.
Apply value check functions on the given record `r`.
Get a mapping from variants of the given node to all of its upstream controllers.
Encrypts file with gpg and random generated password
Full infomation for missing query
List values of options and positional arguments.
Returns an environment name for the given cname
Download remote .tar.bz file.
Checks if specified URL is cached.
Generate the body that will be used in the refresh request.
Helper to convert the given args and kwargs into a string.
Is real time subscription running.
Set a variable.
Returns a batched queryset of User objects.
Renders the message view to a response.
Returns one average color for the colors in the list.
Close the policy instance.
Extract a package in a new temporary directory.
Delete computed aggregations.
Count the confidences in the graph.
Show the modifiers and colors
This function returns a list of Certificate objects.
Get all groups for for a specific admin.
Return an ordered mapping from params to args
Add provider required arguments epilog message, parse, and validate.
Parse descriptions from the the given tcase
Commands for experiments.
Flattens the complex or composite abundance.
print format_msg to stderr
Return True if we should retry, False otherwise.
Get the label list of the supported modes.
LRS client instance to be used for sending statements.
Return an existing or new client Socket.
Write package optional fields.
Pass the submitted value through the sanitizer before returning it.
adapt source to a packarray according to the layout of template
Is the store unlocked so that I can decrypt the content?
Signed modulo remainder operation
Validates the model using a series of checks on bits of the data.
Allows a decorator to be called with or without keyword arguments.
Subscribe to event for given bet ids.
Writes sorted data 'dsort dict' to a tmp files
Recursively extract all text from node.
Plays the queue from a specific point. Disregards tracks before the index.
Generates a count of the number of times each unique item appears in a list
Make an Octave class for a given class name
Combines the files 1 and 2 into 3.
Parses the domain users and groups files.
Check if a challenge exists on the server
Use this method decorator to ensure the JWT token is refreshed when needed.
Open an instance of simpixel in the browser
Echos only the id
Read all attribute properties, g, r, and z attributes
Clear all caches.
Waits for an environment to be healthy
Get dump function code string
Call PhantomJS with the specified flags and options.
Handle a roster push received from server.
Walk the object tree, pretty-printing each branch.
Flask application initialization.
Returns a Pipeline objects for the task.
Kill all of FIO processes
Check the chunk is free or not
Get 3D markers with residual.
Sends login string to server
Delete the associated enterprise learner role assignment record when deleting an EnterpriseCustomerUser record.
Write the numeric array
Export the graph to a SPIA Excel sheet.
Return a dict of md status define in the line.
Returns the start date for a model instance
Hunt down the settings.py module by going up the FS path
Find the first FuncDef ast object in source
Populate and return a JobDescriptor from a YAML string.
Asserts that val is numeric and is less than other.
Returns a whether a path should be ignored or not.
Update throttle scope so that service user throttle rates are applied.
Set single pixel using individual RGB values instead of tuple
Complex code ahead. Comments have been added in as needed.
REST Conference Play helper
Store changes on current instance in database and index it.
Launch the application with the specified bundle ID
Process a single token.
Every other row is indexed in reverse.
return exif-tag dict
Parse the field and value from a line.
Pickles the current policy for later inspection.
Interactive prompting to populate the readme.
Set a devices state.
Return storage `provider`.
Read current member header into a RarInfo object.
Send IPMI 'command' via ipmitool
Write your forwards methods here.
Accpet pending invitation.
Keeps all user supplied options the same, but resets counters etc.
Try to determine which collections this record should belong to.
Stops the player and clears its queue.
Given a size such as '2333M', return the converted value in G
Return the given number as a string with a sign in front of it, ie. `+` if the number is positive, `-` otherwise.
Given a tree, parse to a set of models
Create the new table in the SQLite database
Check the consistency of a given transcription system conversino
Return a random email text.
Emit a track event for enterprise course enrollment.
Connects to a voice channel.
Just a wrapper to the execute_batch_tasks method
Authenticate against the NuHeat API
Build the elasticsearch query.
Return parameter dictionary per zoom level.
High order function for sort methods.
Extract actions from class.
Returns uptime in seconds or None, on MINIX.
generates a dropbox uid and renders the submission form with a signed version of that id
Return the enterprise related django groups that this user is a part of.
Return an iteration over all name, color pairs in tables
Restart an Octave session in a clean state
Updates a player's state when a payload with opcode ``playerUpdate`` is received.
Convert data from previous pipe with specified encoding.
Start subscription manager for real time data.
Asserts that val is an existing path to a directory.
Writes `self.cfg` to `self.config_file`.
Called after unpickling to restore some attributes manually.
Return the separator that preceding format i, or '' for i == 0.
Set RTS and DTR to the requested state.
Set up the OpenDNP3 configuration.
Find edges that are A - A, meaning that some conditions in the edge best describe the interaction.
Execute all currently queued batch commands
Removes any leading or trailing N or n characters from the sequence
Transform the provided content metadata item to the schema expected by the integrated channel.
Login to Polyaxon.
Asserts that val is an instance of the given class.
Return a valid docker_path from a Google Persistent Disk url.
Permanently delete an existing status update.
Get impls from their interfaces.
Config logging level output output
Flask application initialization.
Add correct nations field according to mapping in NATIONS_DEFAULT_MAP.
Collapse all edges passing the given edge predicates.
Given an iterable with nested iterables, generate a flat iterable
Iterate over each learner data record and transmit it to the integrated channel.
Returns the configuration directory
REST Transfer Live Call Helper
Generate data from an FCM containing cycles.
Returns this context's metrics collector
Determines JSONAPI type for provided GUID
``collections.deque`` dumper.
Generate URL on the modularized endpoints and url parameters
Guesses an appropriate MODS XML genre type.
Decorator that converts arguments via annotations.
Cast value to its frozen counterpart.
A function task decorator used in place of ``@celery_app.task``.
Returns the variable expressions of this constraint set
Copy the instance and make sure not to use a reference
Return only the part of the row which should be printed.
Return a random string for use as a password.
Resets builder state to allow building new creation info.
Adds a track at a specific index in the queue.
Outputs the set text
Save assembly and samples as json
Return an ImageFileField instance
List all user pending memberships.
Switch out the data for the model's recreation of the data.
Check whether *filename* in *path* contains the string *content*.
checks for too many internal indels in muscle aligned clusters
Clone a repository to a destination relative to envrionment root
Invoke the baking process - trigger post-publication
Synchronize a file's in-core state with that on disk.
Captures memory written by Unicorn
Clear the transaction builder and start from scratch
Create a graph of constraints for both must- and cannot-links
Create a summary dictionary.
Perform continuous integration tasks.
Return tensor to read from TFRecord.
Convert the record to a dictionary using field names as keys.
Return whether the input course or program exist.
Get a single analog data channel.
Update the Server information and list of API Roots
Check the chunk is offline or not
Print essential info on
Determine if the provided time is within the range, inclusive.
Reset the user's password if the provided information is valid.
A fast j2 defined in terms of other special functions
generates uninstall.sh and adds it to included files
API call to get list of snippets
Server Bind. Forces reuse of port.
Replaces all occurrences of 'old' with 'new'
REST Conference Unmute helper
Creates a course enrollment for an EnterpriseCustomerUser.
Set pixel to RGB color tuple
Set parsername as the current parser and apply it.
Asserts that val is string or iterable and ends with suffix.
Return the value for the specified action.
Validate subscription policy value.
In replacement for Deprecated add_path method
given files and cells, return a dict of files grouped by cell.
Get components and bytes for an image
custom command line  action to show version
Builds and returns an Extraterrestrial Marauders game.
Accept a milestone request
Returns an GeneratedExpr for a function with the given body.
Write a BEL namespace for identifiers, names, name hash, and mappings to the given directory.
Returns a dictionary of satchels used in the current configuration, excluding ourselves.
Add header to data
set new mapped-items structure into cache
Create a plot of one area of interest of a single sweep.
Determine whether current control is top level.
Find requested version in POST request.
if client_port is 0 any client_port is good
Drags given node to mouse location.
Find the first matching block in the current block_context
Configures the server to use a static IP.
Update received packet metrics
Creates a base Flask project
Combine arguments and turn them into gromacs tool arguments.
Decorator to re-try API calls after asking the user for authentication.
Get notify message and payload dict
Generate stream definition based on
Upsample and filter the signal
Write local or remote.
Get the list of network interfaces. Will return all datalinks on SmartOS.
Given a list of pathnames, returns the longest common leading component
Register connection's middleware and prepare self database.
Init and configure logger.
See the function description in base.py
Add URLs needed to handle image uploads.
Scans through all local .crt files and displays the expiration dates.
Resolve the points to make a line between two points.
Give reST format README for pypi.
Return readable string.
Return bool, True if succeed otherwise False.
Called when services are discovered for a device.
Returns the line number of the beginning of this range.
Creates an SSH tunnel.
Get the bounding box for the mesh
Load a single shader
Set new timeout for lock, if existing and valid.
Creates a tuple of index pairs representing matched groups.
Convert a docstring to a markdown text.
Get prediction results for all prediction steps.
Reduce with `func`, chunk by chunk, the passed pytable `array`.
Organization object-to-dict serialization
Run according to options in sys.argv and diff classifiers.
Renormalize the PSF such that its data_vector values sum to unity.
Compute a circular masks from an input masks radius and regular shape.
Create a new VCL under this version.
See comments in base class.
Get filenames for donor and acceptor timestamps for the given parameters
Load data from GTFS file into database
Returns the cumulative n for all the fields in the dataset
Resolve scene loader based on file extension
2-tuple of slices for selection of two populations.
When used for spinx extension.
append object to end
Parse up to the start of the next address.
Remove any metadata associated with the provided CoreBluetooth object.
Determines if a virtual machine instance exists.
Main entrypoint if invoked via the command line.
Creates an exploration object from a specification dict.
List granules of an imagemosaic
Register your own mode and handle method here.
Returns mean of non-None elements of the list
See the function description in base.py
Run the management command.
return a list of GithubComponentVersion objects for all tags
Parse ``make_ndx`` output and return groups as a list of dicts.
Returns a generator yielding all the keys that have values that differ between each dictionary.
Execute a Mapchete process.
Parse value from database.
Run an iteration of this anomaly classifier
Return a comma-separated list of option strings & metavariables.
Add a kappa model given in a string to the project.
Obtains a credentials handle from secur32.dll for use with SChannel
See comments in base class.
Find all method names this input dispatches to.
filter to keep bolts
Write command to remote process
Check if any arguments remain in dict *d*.
Print the help string for the edx_lint command.
Get the integer value of a hexadecimal number.
Generates *.pem and *.pub key files suitable for setting up passwordless SSH.
Return true if the IP address is in dotted decimal notation.
return the semi-temporary user folder
Parses one line of data file
Get the number of file in the folder.
Save the given user configuration.
Gets service for given ``url`` from mongodb storage.
Get all the heron lib jars with the absolute paths
Use a closure so that draw attributes can be saved
returns a list of absolute paths to the cleansed attachements
Escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern.
Decodes a limited set of HTML entities.
Returns a named tuple describing the operating system on the remote host.
Returns the runnable effect in the package
if the module is in this path, load it from the local folder.
Accept a bid on a project
Similar to position++.
Send a mesage via the AmbientSMS API server
Asserts that val is iterable and does not contain any duplicate items.
Create a tar file based on the list of files passed
True if only one lambda expression is included
See `diffusion_correlated` for information related to units, etc
Validate that the name is a valid GCS bucket.
Generator which recursively yields all AXChildren of the object.
Hook the directives when Sphinx ask for it.
Strip # markers at the front of a block of comment text.
Configure environment for DeepMind-style Atari.
Fill entire strip by giving individual RGB values instead of tuple
Create the `role_based_access_control` switch if it does not already exist.
Return an XML element representing this element
Returns intersection of two lists.  Assumes the lists are sorted by start positions
Copy stream to buffer
Construct dict of paths from environment variables'
Convert the python value for storage in the database.
Sends commands to QTM
create a two particle state and compare it to featuring using a single particle guess
Looks for files in the app directories.
Return a dict with variables for the 'localization' action.
Get last aggregation date.
Check if pmod of source causes activity of target.
If the form and formsets are valid, save the associated models.
Redirects to the appropriate view depending on where the user came from.
Clear used and unused dicts before each formatting.
Decorator for making an instance method private.
call all sites in a locus array.
Return an auth token based on the client+service+seed tuple.
Execute a Broyden update of J
Creates a barnes interpolant & calculates its values
Obtain all accounts associated with a public key
Invoke all registered generic hooks
constant folding, if all operands of an expression are a Constant do the math
Async fetching of all tags dates.
Path to environments site-packages
delete - Deletes all entries matching the filter criteria
Removes a player from the current players.
Return a node representing spdx.checksum.
check whether the given sub metric is in important_sub_metrics list
Remove dashes from ISBN.
return nloci from the tmp h5 arr
Initializes the bot, plugins, and everything.
make the subprocess call to structure
Create a usable data structure for serializing.
Creates and starts the project.
Message-call into this account with alternative account's code
Submission to remove a license acceptance request.
Get the parameters for this object.  Returns as a dict.
Send messages in out_stream to the Stream Manager
Reset the parameters.
Return a list of file names in the archive.
Creates a search query based on the section of the config file.
return a toyplot barplot of the results table.
Move this object above the referenced object.
Pull the accounts locations.
Add metadata to a file in the proto dataset.
Get several graphs by their identifiers.
Convert a date-value to the ISO date standard for humans.
Delete aggregation documents.
Set the colorpalette which should be used
Get the EnterpriseCustomer associated with a running pipeline.
Imports all available previews classes.
Perform postprocessing of the given test run
List running QTM instances, asks for input and return chosen QTM
Attempt to copy ``path`` with storage
Get all pending group requests.
A defaultdict with, for each job, a list of its tasks.
Parse the incoming grid.
Remove random edges until there is at least one leaf node.
Define delay adjustment policy
Verify that selected mode is available for program and all courses in the program
Converts input sequence file into a "Boulder-IO format", as used by primer3
Given input dataframe, create feature dataframe of shifted characters
Return the currency.
Decorator that prints memory and runtime information at each call of the function
Get most recent modify time in timestamp.
Returns whether or not the given app_name exists
Decentralised, minimalist microblogging service for hackers.
Get info an stats about the the current index, including the number of documents, memory consumption, etc
Create a struct from session data.
scan path directory and any subdirectories for valid captain scripts
Deploys to an environment
Build per minute stats for each key
Return the number of bytes transmitted in 1 second.
Try to coerce the argument into a color - a 3-tuple of numbers-
Transmit content metadata items to the integrated channel.
Build a module configuration class.
A Cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper.
Connect to the TwinCAT message router.
Calculates the distance between two points on earth.
meta class for Ordered construct.
Checks nonce of request, and return True if valid.
Generate the annotations JSON for Ideogram.
260 Date normalization.
Convert the integer UTC time value into a local datetime.
Calculates a pinhole psf
Return the point for the public key
Update or insert records for pending license acceptors.
perform AP detection on current sweep.
get the contents of the script
Extends a collection with a value.
Connects slots to signals
Run a simple web server.
Upload to PyPI.
Main entry point.
Maintain arc consistency.
Return the encoding, idletime, or refcount about the key
Does the given port have this tag?
Parse a dictionary from the search index
Converts events stream into lXML tree
Internal use only.
Error handler for HTTP requests
Remove header from data
Return a list of all propositional symbols in x.
Gets a specific track
Run the executable and capture the input and output...
Run WsgiDAV using flup.server.fcgi if Flup is installed.
plot every sweep of an ABF file.
Encode data with specific algorithm
Make a namespace.
Called when a connection is made, and used to send out headers
Returns the meta keywords in the page.
Format and return data from API calls which return Items
Return the RSSI signal strength in decibels.
Get service for given ``name`` from memory storage.
Try the library. If it doesnt work, use the command line..
Like assert_all_finite, but only for ndarray.
Start the heartbeat Greenlet to check connection health.
Gets the Internet Gateway details about a VPC
use 1 colormap for the whole abf. You can change it!.
parse config, return a dict
Called when CairoCanvas has rendered a bot
Return number of samples in array-like x.
Synchronous POST request. ``data`` must be a JSONable value.
set the pixel but convert the color before.
Update status text.
Returns the nth record
Return a predictor that takes a weighted vote.
This validates the day_start_ut of the days table.
Get one-line description of HEAD commit for repository in current dir.
Add a variety of default schemes.
List file on target
sends a file to the device using the transfer protocol
Get configuration value.
convert possible types to str, float, and bool
Factory for the correct SCM provider in `workdir`.
Creates required directories and copy checkers and reports.
``True`` if notification level for this conversation is quiet.
Adjusts enthalpy of vaporization of enthalpy for another temperature, for one temperature.
Compute and store metric value
make any list element read like a list
Add a link from A to B of given distance, in one direction only.
Add 035 number from 001 recid with given source.
The 1D index mappings between the masked sparse-grid and unmasked sparse grid.
Implements the missing_some operator for finding missing variables.
Returns a callable that outputs the data. Defaults to print.
package path. return None if failed to guess
Put walls around the entire perimeter of the grid.
Render to cookie strings.
Raises `InvalidEnvironmentError` when one isnt set
Return all consumables from club.
Remove a list of jobs from the currently authenticated user
Delete files from the repo
Extract metadata Dynamic Default Values from an xml node
Helper to prompt the user for input on the commandline.
Hexadecimal to decimal conversion.
This is a very poor algorithm to draw Wikipedia tables in NodeBox.
Transform a named tuple into a dictionary
Read the value of this characteristic.
reprojette en WGS84 et recupere l'extend
Assumes zipcode is of type `str`
Return properties document for url and all children.
convert a dictionary to a pretty formatted string.
Set three globally available lists of names.
Handle a dict that might contain a wrapped state for a custom type.
Decorator that logs function calls in their self.log
Delete Credentials from the datastore.
Executes all satchel configurators to apply pending changes to the server.
Remove `TimeoutHandler` from the main loop.
Starts the loop. Calling a running loop is an error.
Move relatively to the last point.
Returns valid tags an extension module might have
Choose tasks for a given stream_id and values and Returns a list of target tasks
Update current price info async.
Template slave config file
Sorts input sequence file by biggest sequence first, writes sorted output file. Set smallest_first=True to have smallest first
Divergence of matched beam
Offer a new event ``s`` at point ``p`` in this queue.
Sets a number of commonly used attributes
Run EpiCom analysis on many graphs.
handles initial setup.
Get the update tile surrounding particle `n`
Remove types from function arguments in cython
Remove trailing spaces unless they are quoted with a backslash.
Add or change list of logbooks.
Prepend or append text to lines. Yields each line.
Widget Action to set Windowed Mode.
Alternative implementation of tf.nn.bias_add which is compatiable with tensorRT.
Sets file license comment.
Check if an entry in the class path exists as either a directory or a file
Auxiliary function for iterating over a data table.
Adds all of the members of the composite abundances to the graph.
Return a Droplet by its ID.
Match the histogram to existing imagery
renames newick from numbers to sample names
Disconnect the stream gracefully.
Convert any timestamp into a datetime and save as _time
Copy input data in current environment to memory
Parses args and evaluates any Attrib entries
Runs quartet max-cut QMC on the quartets qdump file.
The workhorse function. Not numba.
Run the query.
Customized version of get_data to perform __check_actions_in_data
Handles package lics concluded or declared.
Set device sleep timer.
Pass a load of settings into the canvas
Helper method to store username and password
Initialize the random seed
Takes in a classifier that supports multiclass classification, and X and a y, and returns a cross validation score.
Resolves the given id to a user object, if it doesn't exists it will be created.
Return an error code between 0 and 99.
Create the task on the server
Plotting wrapper for hierarchical segmentations
Return a tuple with PID and published record.
Start the containers and link them together
Return status of all blocks.
Returns bounds that encompass the union of the two.
Return the numpy array with rounded teff and luminosity columns.
Return True if the first non-empty cell starts with "#"
Create a map of command names and handlers
Process a submitted track selection form for the enterprise.
Returns the currently active branch
A helper function to compute validation related metrics
Finds supported geometry types, parses them and returns the bbox
This runs the runpf function.
Resolves VirtualEnvironments in EnvironmentCache
Save the environment cache to disk.
Given a Manticore trace file, highlight the basic blocks.
Print, emphasized 'warning', the given 'txt' message
Triggers when entering the given testrun
Track the specified remote branch if it is not already tracked.
If func returns False the program exits immediately.
Add a spout to the topology
Return the image URI of the content item.
Set single pixel using individual RGB values instead of tuple
Predict MHC affinity for peptides.
Installs Vagrant from the most recent package available from their homepage.
Return a new Streamlet by outer join_streamlet with this streamlet
Asserts that val is non-empty string and all characters are uppercase.
Returns usage string with no trailing whitespace.
Computes the theta along which a group's nodes are aligned.
create some file handles for refmapping
Extract buffers larger than a certain threshold.
Feed-forward the model.
Returns a set of output stream ids registered for this component
Start an nmap process with the given args on the given ips.
Gets called by the CallbackManager if a new message was received
Same as `send` but assume `lock` is acquired.
Logs an update done on an entity
Current ongoing human transaction
Try to find the container ID with the specified name
build the command list
Shortcut for getting an initialized instance of the boto3 client.
sends raws to be chunked
Flips the layer, either HORIZONTAL or VERTICAL.
Extend list from object, if object is list.
Write a file fields to out.
Copy memory writes from Manticore back into Unicorn in real-time
Communicate with the child process without closing stdin.
Returns the configuration for KEY
Handle the `AuthorizedEvent`.
Modify soup so Dash.app can generate TOCs on the fly.
write outfile with any args in argdict
This method returns a list of all Snapshots.
Update a python package using pip
Convenient access to shared context
fdwait - wait for file descriptors to become ready
Stop PWM output on specified pin.
makes plot to help visualize the DAG setup. For developers only.
Return the config files for an environment & cluster specific app.
return 00 outfile as a pandas DataFrame
fix hyphenation in the word list for a parsed sentence
Raises OrderError if no package or file defined.
Parse the VCF info field
Boids match velocity with other boids.
Save byte to memory
Transform triple index into a 1-D numpy array.
Remove an IOHandler from the pool.
A function to merge fastq files produced by bam2fq.
Parse arguments not consumed by arg parser into a dicitonary
Writes the metadata.ini file to the archive.
Create the dictionary that will be included in the log.
Load custom links and files from database and attach to publications.
Get a single publication.
Graph background color.
Returns protobuf mapcontainer. Read from translation file.
Called when new NewInstanceAssignmentMessage arrives
Evaluate a graph taking account of the hardware.
Applies routine, typically application-level changes to the service.
Update the database with model schema. Shorthand for `paver manage syncdb`.
Asserts that val is numeric and is between low and high.
Print a summary of errors by category, and the total.
Draws a filled circle at point x0,y0 with radius r and specified color
Generate a learner data transmission audit with fields properly filled in.
check if this host is this addr
Stores provided method args as instance attributes.
Send the given arguments to `pip install`.
Bases the comparison of the datastores on URI alone.
Send email message using Python SMTP library.
Create the underlying widget.
Check the chunk is free or not
Get parameter of FIO
Returns the min and max possible values for x within given constraints
Like os.makedirs but keeps quiet if path already exists
Returns a list of available modules.
Receive ASGI websocket messages, ensuring valid state transitions.
Read entry from JSON file
Returns a batched queryset of User objects.
get the command to start the topology health manager processes
Play the video and block whilst the video is playing
returns an iterator to grab four lines at a time
Not so applicable for this sample
Handle the parsing of command line arguments.
Creates the final payload based on the x86 and x64 meterpreters.
Returns a Yahoo news query formatted as a YahooSearch list object.
Simple method to form a start again message and give the answer in readable form.
Verify the current token is of type `kind` and equals `value`.
Parses a single entry from the domaindump
Return file content if file, else, return value as-is
Returns the dictionary of CORS specific app configurations.
adds arguments for the deploy command
Handle failure of the roster request.
determine distance for each sentence
Flatten list abundances.
parse results from cutadapt into sample data
Returns True if the record matches any of the provided filters
Return links without build files
Removes all nodes with less or equal links than depth.
Check if the device is on.
Return a node representing package verification code.
Stores value in memory as a big endian
Say something in the afternoon
Set `_state` and notify any threads waiting for the change.
calls chunk_clusters and tracks progress.
Returns a generator of "Path"s
A simple method that runs a ManagementUtility.
Apply updates to the execute metrics
Add or update the value of an attribute.
Gets a logger for the given class in this module
Returns a mix of two colors.
Returns a nice side-by-side diff of the given files, as a string.
write a map file with linkage information for SNPs file
Helper method for displaying the answers so far.
Returns a list of Load Balancer objects.
Update the context of a subgraph from the universe of all knowledge.
load the module so we can actually run the script's function
Get count of admins per group.
This just compresses the sqlitecurve. Should be independent of OS.
Remove logbook menu set.
Upload code of the current directory while respecting the .polyaxonignore file.
Does not chceck whether t is not resticted or internal
Stop all workers.
Displays the contact form and sends the email
Apply value predicates on the given record `r`.
Wait for a nomad master to start
Output PubMed identifiers from a graph to a stream.
Remember the recipients.
Checks if sting is valid for bidirectional printing.
Return free space in bytes.
Get the well known file produced by command 'gcloud auth login'.
Test whether a path can be written to.
List values of options and positional arguments.
Build the execution environment.
Clears a range of lines for multi-line comments.
puts products in a normalized format
Show help on all commands.
Update existing tasks on the server
Return a string as hex dump.
Purge the stash from all keys
Remove each key or key name in an iterable from the bucket set.
Start listening to the server
Only scott should do this. Upload new version to site.
Return the bits notation of the netmask.
Called when characteristic value was read or updated.
List of positions for linear degrees of freedom.
Decorator to run some code in a bot instance.
Get a list of the managed policy names that are attached to the group.
Load all plugins from dgit extension
Command line options.
fast sweeps, 1 step per sweep, for clean IV without fast currents.
Return my probabilities; must be down to one variable.
Receive TCP response, looping to get whole thing or timeout.
Returns the adapter associated with the given model.
Determine good units for representing a sequence of timedeltas
Creates the virtualenv for the project
The 1D index mappings between the regular pixels and Voronoi pixelization pixels.
Return a session for yesss.at.
Get password of the username for the service
Updates the ports through redis.
Get field metadate information for inferences that are of dict type
Remove a participant from a group conversation.
List all events occurring at or after a timestamp.
Return this call as it is called in its source.
Call 'setup egg_info' and return the parsed meta-data.
Returns a ``SettingDict`` object for this queryset.
Inactivates an activated organization as well as any active relationships
Get data from json file
D and A emission rates for two populations.
extend list by appending elements from the iterable
Set LanguageTool directory.
Create a bucket.
Returns Ext Resources.
Value is encoded as a sdr using the encoding parameters of the Field
Parse push data and trigger events.
Connect the parsed rows.
Get descriptor base path if string or return None.
Return a random sample from the distribution.
When dealing with optgroups, ensure that the value is properly force_text'd.
Return True if according to should_index the object should be indexed.
Set a smoothing Gaussian kernel given its FWHM in mm.
Rotates the queued texts and determines display time.
Retrieve detailed cache information.
Define the available arguments
tries to deserialize a message, might fail if data is missing
Send list request for all members of a collection
Takes data from the buffers and merges into the store and record max counters.
analyze every unanalyzed ABF in the folder.
Coroutine for uploading a single file
Clips a prefix from the beginning of a string if it exists.
Split a multiline string into a list, excluding blank lines.
Fancy random ovals for all the colors in the list.
Traverse the bone hierarchy and create physics bodies.
this factory also requires the editor token
Remove all associated dead properties.
Evaluate the files identified for checksum.
Get the list of bids
provide all stats on the first AP.
Returns a list of the formatted volume specs for a lib
expand the consumed meshes
Like many_until but must consume at least one of these.
Shadow of the Nose builtin which presents easier to read multiline output.
set the sweep and channel of an ABF. Both start at 0.
Obtain particular version of the doc at key.
Subtracts an estimate of the mean from signal x at axis
Deconfigure any additional default transport zone bindings.
Rename conversation and call callback.
Determine location of `tasks.py`.
Record conflicts caused by addition or deletion of a Queen.
501 degree info - move subfields.
return the path of the last loaded ABF.
Process a list of images in a directory.
Not performant but works.
Creates a base Django project
Fig. 3.10
Reads the temple YAML configuration file in the repository
Tag the current workdir state.
Send an easter egg event to a conversation.
Add new conversation from hangouts_pb2.Conversation
Also, converts either to ints or to floats.
Convert value to to_type, returns default if fails.
Return the opposite mapping by searching the imported KB.
Open a file based at the AIMA root directory.
Whether a connection can be established between those two meshes.
Return the menu widget associated with this widget.
Write output to the port and wait for response
Show device heap size
create a dict mapping model attributes to arrays
Write Python 2 shebang and add encoding cookie if needed.
For each photo set it's author to currently authenticated user.
Set a config by name to a value.
Close outputs of process.
Stop scanning for BLE devices with this adapter.
Return true if the netmask is in bits notatation.
Verify if the software used in the changeset is a powerfull_editor.
simple gaussian convolution. Returns same # of points as gotten.
Add a message to a thread
Function to be called when saving or changing an user's avatars.
Delete all entries.
Switch a project's template to a different template.
Ensure we are authenticated.
Convert a decimal number to hexadecimal
read file as is
Write to file_handle if supplied, othewise print output
Find max 5 executables that are responsible for this repo.
Get details about the currently authenticated user
Convert any non-DAVError exception to HTTP_INTERNAL_ERROR.
Updates security groups by setting the ack field
Executes the code block of the example file
Return True if lock exists and has not timed out.
Rename key ``src`` to ``dst`` if ``dst`` doesn't already exist
Updates the cache with setting values from the database.
Dump single field.
Returns a dictionary representing a serialized state of the service.
Generate .rst document for PyPi.
Initialize the application.
connects and optionally authenticates a connection.
Load sqlite cookies into a cookiejar
Hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like.
Insert a value at the passed index in the named header.
Update action states when the current tab changed.
Loads the exif data of all images in an album from cache
Update sent packet metrics
Override the base get_record.
Returns list of paths to tested apps
unpack the specified tarball url into the specified directory
Return open stream if *filename* can be opened with *openfunction* or else ``None``.
Get result message and payload dict
Start accumulating inferences from assuming var=value.
Run a command.
Return ArgumentParser with any extra arguments.
Generates set of random patterns.
Simple replacement for numpy linspace
SHA1 hash of the config file itself.
Find requested request type in POST request.
Set self.path, self.dirname and self.basename.
Get access details in cache.
Reverse the audio completely
Clean previously built package artifacts.
Returns cached copies unless otherwise specified.
Convert the byte array to a BigInteger
get source files' update time
given a list of files, return a dict organized by extension.
Lookup all available repos
Create a milestone request
Read configuration file options into a dictionary.
Returns all the cliques in the graph of at least the given size.
Write as a BEL namespace file.
Given an ASCII str, returns a path of the given type.
Called when advertisement data is received.
Get the last modified version
Verify and remove magic
Get the response data if possible and raise an exception
Convert Unix path from Cygwin to Windows path.
Synced API call to get all cluster names
REST Conference Kick helper
Returns a Fastq object. qual_scores expected to be a list of numbers, like you would get in a .qual file
Spawns a process with `command path-of-exercise`
write_targets will write the contents of ips and ldap_strings to the targets_file.
Download a remote file from S3.
Converts Py type to PyJs type
Initializes Grid from a OpenDX file.
Delete a group and all associated memberships.
Deletes all SSH keys on the localhost associated with the current remote host.
Group the nodes occurring in edges by the given annotation.
Config option name value validator decorator.
Gets all the fuel prices within the specified radius.
Augment unigram features with hashed n-gram features.
Create an example CSV validator for patient demographic data.
We are just going to ignore the CS selector for now.
Create a shared memory array of given shape and type, filled with `value`.
Get force data.
Returns True if path is in CPENV_HOME
Returns True if successful, False if failure
This reads the binned LC and writes it out to a pickle.
Returns Hermite-Gauss quadrature points for even functions
Resets the state to allow building new documents
save - Save all objects in this list
Commits any pending transactions and closes the database.
fill a matrix with pairwise data sharing
Check whether a function exists or not and return its config
Returns a Volume object by its ID.
stats, cleanup, and link to samples
Add icon to docset
Convert ASN.1 string to a Unicode string.
List unique elements, preserving order. Remember only the element just seen.
Unmap Unicorn maps when Manticore unmaps them
Writes the symbolic bytes in C{data} onto the file.
Returns a Google news query formatted as a GoogleSearch list object.
Function to manually configure jackal.
Returns the task ids allocated for the given component id
Init a uniform noise variable.
Print human readable summary of current AWS state to log and to console.
Returns a treemix plot on a toyplot.axes object.
Convenience function to find the node's theta angle.
Returns the client in async mode.
Make sure the state directory exists
Writes the contents of two registers to memory.
Helper function to determine if this node matches the given predicate.
Decode the stanza subelements.
Process user inputs and subit logbook entry when user clicks Submit button
n may be the inside of block or object
Asserts that val does not contain the given item or items.
This just calls the connection's commit method.
fills the new bootstrap resampled array
Converts type comments in `node` to proper annotated assignments.
Create the SSH Key
Increments the value of a given key by ``to_add``
Parse all file contributors and adds them to the model.
Build common admin context.
Disconnect and close *Vim*.
Handle right mouse button clicks
Returns the number of parameters in the network.
Returns the topology config
Create a string representation for each item in a list.
Asserts that val is an existing path to a file and that file is named filename.
File copy that support compress and decompress of zip files
load context-free grammar
Call the timeout handler due.
Marks the remote server as currently being deployed to.
The credentials for the current user or None if unavailable.
Returns the display value of a field for a particular MongoDB document.
Determine the type of x
Generate 4D OpenSimplex noise from X,Y,Z,W coordinates.
Loads additional properties into class `cls`.
Get the consent record relevant to the request at hand.
Stop chaos when there is no current blockade operation
Return element only if zoom condition matches with config string.
Convert a pitch_hz annotation to pitch_midi
Capture downstream websocket.send messages from the upstream applications.
Send zipfile to TMC for given exercise
Uses the command line arguments to fill the count function and call it.
Leave one out encoding uses a single column of floats to represent the means of the target variables.
Wait for the page region to load.
Returns a blox template from a valid file path
Returns the distance between two points.
Returns a data frame with Sample stats for each step
Let the FlowControl system know that there is an event.
check if dependency program is there
Returns False when successfully fired, True otherwise
Signed greater-than comparison
Converts a datetime to the timezone of this Schedule.
Initiate starttls handshake over the socket.
The angle in degrees between two vectors.
Close and exit the connection.
Mute or unmute the device.
Return True if the given sprint has completed.
Return the license name from an ExtractedLicense or None
Class method that will return a Snapshot object by ID.
Converts stderr string to a list.
compute stats for stats file and NHX tree features
Return a review node.
Adds the record to the KNN classifier.
Helper method for setting a value by using the fsapi API.
Used exclusively as a thread which keeps the WebSocket alive.
Remove edges between nodes with given id's.
inserts indels into the catg array
Rewrite string so that all characters are valid in a docker name suffix.
iterator for collecting the named-entities
Write an 8-bit value to the specified register.
store phased allele data for diploids
Validator for string lists to be used with `add_setting`.
Returns a list of existing connections to the named database.
Translates a signed python integral or a BitVec into a 32 byte string, MSB first
Raph Levien's code draws fast LINETO segments.
Set the access and modified times of the file specified by path.
Parse command line arguments, and run rflint
Start with wrong number of clusters.
find barcode sequence in the beginning of read
Sonify multi-level segmentations
Clone throttles without memory
Start the Blockade REST API
Internal utility function to return standard out. Requires the pk of a unified job.
Consumes state.Command commands and converts them to an ET protocol tree
Returns a Tag with a given revision
Consume one token and verify it is of the expected kind.
Check if IP is local
Override of clean method to perform additional validation
add additional parameters to parser
Configure environment for retro games, using config similar to DeepMind-style Atari in wrap_deepmind
Get the current directory state
List bot variables and values
Simple method to form a start again message and give the answer in readable form.
Return all rows from a cursor as a dict.
Generates a state string to be used in authorizations.
Matches the string with the pattern, caching the compiled regexp.
Perform the App's actions as configured
Loads Django settings for the current site and sets them so Django internals can be run.
Remove the MUC specific stanza payload element.
Return a SSHKey object by its ID.
Convert hexadecimal string to mnemonic word representation with checksum.
Function from make_loci to apply to chunks. smask is sample mask.
Returns the integer id of a word string.
Set callbacks for input events
Register the contents as JSON
Filter only for the user's ID if non-staff.
Parses the External Document ID, SPDX Document URI and Checksum.
Apply updates to the next tuple metrics
Wait util target connected
Takes the replacement template and some info about the match and returns filled template
Detect if we get a class or a name, convert a name to a class.
Check if a MySQL database exists.
Create a wrapped, monitored gym.Env for MuJoCo.
Override in subclass if required.
gets optimum threaded view of ids given the host setup
Start the threads.
Uses a union find to find segment.
Exchange 1st and 2nd stack items
Setting up and running GIES with all arguments.
Reads yaml config file and returns auto-typed config_dict
Starts the loop to provide the data from jackal.
Visualization of a single edge between two nodes.
Move this object up one position.
Prepare an object for pickling.
Return a config subset using the filter defined in the deploy config.
Test if there's a newer version and nag the user to upgrade.
Put I2C lines into idle state.
constant folding, if all operands of an expression are a Constant do the math
Enqueue it for processing
Returns the mean fractionalized bias error
Initialize the Service Discovery process.
Yield match, end_idx for each match
Parse alleles for ClinVar VCF, overrides parent method.
Parses a license list and returns a License or None if it failed.
output the graph in Dot file format
Calls vsearch for clustering across samples.
List available environments and modules
Returns an unused random filepath.
async function to reboot QTM cameras
Find matching database router
Auxiliary method to send an assert
Ensures that all particles are included in exactly 1 group
Called when the map is clicked
Can add this object
Check if the degradation of source causes activity of target.
Take next available controller id and plug in to Virtual USB Bus
Wait for the termination of a process and log its stdout & stderr
Sample a colormap from matplotlib
Get the number of the shell command.
Open dashboard in browser.
Returns a new Streamlet that consists of elements of both this and other_streamlet
Initiate the local catalog and push it the cloud
Configures Apache to host one or more websites.
Load default users and groups.
Generator which yields matches on AXChildren and their children.
properly close the client
Initialize all the uninitialized variables in the global scope.
Returns the label for a given Enum key
Returns combined list of event and update comments.
Returns true iff this interval contains the interval i
Return a node with label. Create node if label is new
print topologies information to stdout
Retrieve item fields or creator types
Identify the kind of release by comparing to existing ones.
Process data to produce velocity and dropout information.
returns a list of strings
Genetic recombination of two themes using cut and splice technique.
Constant time string comparison
stamp the bottom with file info.
Add a provider to the provider_map routing table.
Revoke a bid on a project
Calculates a checksum for a Finnish national reference number
Media defined as a dynamic property instead of an inner class.
Parse the pylint output-format=parseable lines into PylintError tuples.
Return the workbook from the Excel file in `xl_path`.
Main entry point for script.
if the value is in the list, move it to the front and return it.
Read settings from a config file in the source_dir root.
Helper to get creds out of kwargs.
Retrieves the allowed operations for this request.
Gets service for given ``name`` from mongodb storage.
Deal with the incoming packets
Compute a score for this word on this docid.
Shuts down the TLS session and socket and forcibly closes it
See comments in base class.
Handle connecting for the first time.
Check patterns in order, last match that includes or excludes `path` wins. Return `None` on undecided.
filter to keep spouts
URL of the album, relative to its parent.
Compute the header.
Set the value of this attribute for the passed object.
Primitive queuing system detection; only looks at suffix at the moment.
Input callback, handles key presses
given an ID and the dict of files, generate a static html for that abf.
Delete all subfields with subfield_code in the record.
Create an empty Mapchete and process file in a given directory.
Given a list of components, re-orders them according to inter-component dependencies so the most depended upon are first.
create kernel based on this ABF info.
Obtiene los dataframes de los datos de PVPC con resampling diario y mensual.
Split string by the occurrences of pattern.
Sets the autoDetectWaitRecords.
Returns all libs that are referenced in specs.apps.depends.libs
Returns an `InstructionInGrid` object for the `instruction`
Return database field type.
Convert a two-sided PSD to a center-dc PSD
Check for overlapping ranges.
Create coverage reports and open them in the browser.
Checks the input and output to see if they are valid
hyperpolarization step. Use to calculate tau and stuff.
Deletes a granule of an existing imagemosaic
Reserves an IP block within your account.
Update metadata with the commit information
Signal handler for when a registered model has been deleted.
CLI entry point to bump requirements in requirements.txt or pinned.txt
Transform to Timedelta from numerical format
get character. waiting for key
Yield every way of extending e with values for all vars.
given a path or list of files, return ABF IDs.
Ks as an array and type-checked.
Return -1 if infinite, else return numofsecs.
Dixon-Price function
Export all keys to a file
Main entry point for the thread that will run user's code.
Recursively destroys the contents of this tree.
Get the given param from each of the DOFs for a joint.
Internally used to convert IPs and netmasks to other notations.
Process events from proactor.
Build the matrix representation of the sampling problem.
Returns Ext Resources.
Delete the key and return true if the key was deleted, else false
Generates header for oauth2
Raise ValueError if example has any invalid values.
Removes all dangling images as well as all images referenced in a dusty spec; forceful removal is not used
Fill a pattern collection.
Get password of the username for the service
Configure all listeners here
Sort the fields inside the record by indicators.
Returns the value of the named setting.
Convert UserID to hangouts_pb2.ParticipantId.
Send an email to invite a non-Google contact to Hangouts.
return baseurl of given url
Main script for `pyconfig` command.
Dump project metadata for Jenkins Description Setter Plugin.
Runs a subprocess shell with check=True by default
Return EventRequestHeader for conversation.
Return conversation info and recent events.
Return a list of nodes forming the path from the root to this node.
Try to match the current record to the database.
Implements the 'merge' operator for merging lists.
Scan for devices and print results.
Windows allow application paths to be registered in the registry.
Handle marking messages as read and keeping client active.
Try to find some reasonable name for the object.
Set currently authenticated user as the author of the gallery.
Prints a file on the device to console
restores the nodemcu to default baudrate and then closes the port
Identify the location of an executable file.
translate an array x into a MATLAB cell array
Return true if the IP address is in decimal notation.
Check whether there is no more content to expect.
Set AAD token cache.
Called when a device is connected.
Returns preferences model class dynamically crated for a given app or None on conflict.
Create a project thread
Set last modified time for destPath to timeStamp on epoch-format
mono-exponential curve.
Grow this Pantheon by multiplying Gods.
get caller's __name__
Return all things exactly at a given location.
Redirect to the canonical URI for this resource.
Returns True if inside a git repo, False otherwise
Return active messages.
Get details about specific user
Check if a URL exists
if set, get the value of resolution in milliseconds
Performs consistency checks across all the launchers.
Rename key ``src`` to ``dst``
Plot the poles and zeros of the FIR filter in the z-plane
Writes a series of security group rules to a redis server.
Returns a dictionary with the elements of a Jupyter notebook
expects a dictionary with 'mail.' keys to create an appropriate smtplib.SMTP instance
merges each run of successive text events into one text event
Initialize the message-digest and set all fields to zero.
Form of distribution must be an array of counts in order of self.keys.
Patch isBase64 to prevent Base64 encoding of JSON content
Return message digest if a secret key was provided
Preparse the packaging system for installations.
Disassemble serialized protocol buffers file.
Remove the sentence's clauses from the KB.
Converts between 3-letter and 1-letter amino acid codes.
return a string containing a tarball url
If you send a message directly to me
Try to determine which collections this record should belong to.
Run the current current script
Writes the passed chunk and flushes it to the client.
Apply update to serialization metrics
Transform path to url, converting backslashes to slashes if needed.
Run a command, or just echo it, depending on `commit`.
Returns the next n values for the distribution as a list.
Return sequence of start and end regex patterns for simple HTML tag
Rule out var=value.
Deletes this worker's subscription.
Look at files and compute the diffs intelligently
Check mandatory service name parameter in POST request.
t-SNE embedding of the parameters, colored by score
Lets a user join a room on a specific Namespace.
Get the metadata returned after authentication
Loads the files that match the given pattern.
Deploy new blog to current directory
Returns XML element's attribute, or default if none.
Writes msg to stderr and exits with return code
Return an instance of the BLE provider for the current platform.
Release a milestone payment
Working directory for the repo
Setup configuration dictionary from default, command line and configuration file.
create and save a two column frames HTML file.
Verify and remove signature
Generates a root component for a path.
Write as a BEL annotation file.
Returns the largest possible clique for the node with given id.
Get full-text content for an item
Called when GATT characteristics have been discovered.
Function that gets called on each event from pyinotify.
Go to the next exercise.
Synced API call to get logical plans
Finds the positions of all gaps in the sequence that are at least min_length long. Returns a list of Intervals. Coords are zero-based
REST Conference Hangup helper
Return the object without the forbidden attributes.
return the error if there is a corresponding exception
This is called for each site to render a Celery config file.
Validate state value.
name is py type
Initializes Grid from a CCP4 file.
Upload a local file to S3.
Get summary of stream managers registration summary
Read and return the matrix header.
Gets the fuel price trends for the given location and fuel types.
Load IMDb data and augment with hashed n-gram features.
Runs the current phase.
Make an expand function that's bound to the manager.
Opposite slicer, the outer part wrt to a field
Actually calculates the stats.
Return the shape that would result from broadcasting the inputs
Returns True if path contains a .cpenv file
remove decoded instruction from instruction cache
Get a single force data channel.
Create a shared memory array with the same shape and type as a given array, filled with `value`.
Spawn a process, and eat the stdio.
Get the param name from the dict index value.
Format traceback, showing line number and surrounding source.
Renders as a str
Return content of a free form text block as a string.
solve bytes in |datas| based on
Set memory protections in Unicorn correctly
If input object is an ndarray it will be converted into a list
Remove the fetcher from cache and mark it not active.
Determine source and destination using the options.
keeps a persistent bash shell open and feeds it muscle alignments
This function returns a list of Firewall objects.
Draws all of the edges in the graph.
returns a subsample of unlinked snp sites
Get states of all instances on EC2 which were started by this file.
Run the GNN on a pair x,y of FloatTensor data.
Registers a new metric to this context
Obtains the data from the pipe and appends the given tag.
Returns a Google blogs query formatted as a GoogleSearch list object.
Activate an plan in a CREATED state.
Given a simplified XPath query string, returns an array of normalized query parts.
Convenient access to shared context
Generate a new blockade ID based on the CWD
return array of bootstrap D-stats
This just calls the connection's commit method.
Asserts that val contains the given item or items.
Dont use this method from inside bytecode to call other bytecode.
Process log information and push to selected logbooks.
Show the variables window.
Setup before_request, after_request handlers for tracing.
Return the parameters in a list of array.
Render the given template with the stock data.
Sets file notice text.
Returns all the file state_managers.
Class method that will return a SSHKey object by ID.
Parse a type comment string into AST nodes.
get shape of new bootstrap resampled locus array
Returns True if there are valid credentials for the current user.
Returns the path to the manifest file.
Stops the loop after the time specified in the `loop` call.
Create the gtk.TextView used for shell output
Inserts Interpreter Library of imports into sketch in a very non-consensual way
Asserts that val is an existing path to a file and that file is a child of parent.
Joins string-ified items with separators newlines and container-braces.
Sets a new topology context
Get an HTTPResponse that can be used when there's no related EnterpriseCustomer.
Save a module as an import
Update the data of courses and or exercises from server.
Generate 3D OpenSimplex noise from X,Y,Z coordinates.
Gets the default form field  for a mongoenigne field.
Returns names of 'object' columns in the DataFrame.
Returns the number of results after filtering with the given arguments.
Returns a list of the ancestors of this node.
computes the coefficients for the single polynomials of the spline.
Convert a pitch_hz annotation to a contour
Return zoom level as integer or throw error.
Start the blockade event
Shutdown method, to kill the threads and workers.
Returns a data frame with Sample files. Not very readable...
Multiplying a matrix by its inverse produces the identity matrix.
Returns a blox template from a file stream object
Register driver adapter used by page object
Send an element via the transport.
A Period tuple representing the daily start and end time.
Greater-than comparison
Marks the task as ready for execution.
Random sampler for equal_splits functions
random sampler for equal_splits func
Converts stdout string to a list.
Fetch data about tag
Return extracted text  from an ExtractedLicense or None.
Get the play status of the device.
Prints the complete YAML.
Callback from graph.events when a node is clicked.
Returns list of output names in spec.
iterator for collecting the noun phrases
Returns a Pipeline objects for the job.
uses bash commands to quickly count N seeds from utemp file
Reclassifies given state.
Remove node with given id.
Handles real-time updates to the order book.
Helper method for fetching a text value.
Create a node for spdx.file.
Translates a python integral or a BitVec into a 32 byte string, MSB first
Returns True if database server is running, False otherwise.
Send a leave request for the room.
split job into bits and pass to the client
Write a 16-bit value to the specified register.
find barcode sequence in the beginning of read
Start with wrong number of clusters.
Print a list of all rules
Performs a bruteforce for the given users, password, domain on the given host.
Mark Meyer's code draws elegant CURVETO segments.
Parse a single docstring and return its value.
Parses a string into a Tag
Retrieves the users from elastic.
Display full version information.
Fetch the logs of a container
Determine zoom levels.
Sonify beats and downbeats together.
See ReplayBuffer.store_effect
Prompts user before proceeding
Start a Heron standalone cluster
Ensure that all necessary resources to render the view are present.
Check Validity of an IP address
Mapping part of string preparation.
A generic wrapper around Django's manage command.
Gets the authorized credentials for this flow, if they exist.
Searches the string for the pattern, caching the compiled regexp.
Returns a list of multi-commands for each resource type.
Connect to the REST API, authenticating with a JWT for the current user.
Open your web browser and display the generated html documentation.
Resume playback if bot is paused
Initializes the default values for a necessary set of MultiCountMetrics
pipes the output of a program
Make recursive GET calls to traverse the paginated API response for search students.
Returns the integer word id of a word string.
Translate the data with the translation table
Returns the color and its complement in a list.
pads names for loci output
Calculate hexadecimal representation of the phrase.
This function returns a list of SSHKey object.
Retrieves the path to the MySQL configuration file.
Asserts that the class has a docstring, returning it if successful.
returns n digit string representation of the num
Verify SSH variables and construct exported variables
Create a new account with associated code
Remove direct links in the training sets.
Handle success of the legacy authentication.
prints a progress bar
Override in subclass if required.
Create a wrapped, monitored SubprocVecEnv for Atari and MuJoCo.
Import any string-keys in a type mapping.
finds loci with sufficient sampling for this test
Move this object down one position.
Visualization of the label accompanying an edge.
Provides an overview of the duplicate credentials.
Generates a random REQID for request
Plot SAM's various losses.
Remove `self` from the containing `DiscoItems` object.
Returns the factor of exceedance
Dequeue a state with the max priority
Symbolic version of Decree.sys_transmit
End I2C transaction and get response bytes, including ACKs.
return probability of base call
Return a subset of a dictionary using the specified keys.
fills the duplicates array from the multi_muscle_align tmp files
render the TextRank graph for visual formats
Must be called before parse.
Returns back a class decorator that enables registering Blox to this factory
Calculates the next motion frame for the flock.
Called when the map is clicked
Returns the index of the lowest of the passed values. Catches nans etc.
Disconnect from all databases
Callback function that is called everytime a data packet arrives from QTM
Reads the response from the solver
Returns the URL to the upstream data source for the given URI based on configuration
Format a list of environments and modules for terminal output
Decorator to set plotting context and axes style during function call.
Execute a shell command.
Unplug controller from Virtual USB Bus and free up ID
Get a map from all daemon services' name to the command to start them
Check if the translocation of source causes activity of target.
Can delete this object
Translate an image in fourier-space with plane waves
Uploads select media to an Apache accessible directory.
Shows a figure with a typical orientation so that x and y axes are set up as expected.
Print the current version of the cli and platform.
Logs all elements of this streamlet. This returns nothing
Get or create edges using get_or_create_node
Returns true iff this interval intersects the interval i
Pick an unused port. There is a slight chance that this wont work.
Get default session or create one with a given config
When I Work DELETE method.
Returns the verbose name for a given enum value
Run the tasks attached to the instance
Generator which yields matches on AXChildren.
Handle websocket incoming messages
Generate the id of reverse_variable from the reaction's id.
Show available operators for a given saved search condition
Returns a number of random colors from the theme.
returns the user submitted text
Create physics bodies corresponding to each marker in our data.
Read bytes from an iterator.
Helper to make sure the given character is valid for a reference number
Award a bid on a project
draw vertical lines at comment points. Defaults to seconds.
Configure an object with a user-supplied factory.
Returns filtered results followed by excluded results below.
Use openpyxl to read an Excel file.
Yield any modified versions of ``line`` needed to address the errors in ``errors``.
Public GCP client builder.
Generates and writes the media pages for all media in the gallery
Command line options.
Lists all services in mongodb storage.
Chop list_ into n chunks. Returns a list.
if the value is in the list, move it to the back and return it.
Add conversation tab if not present, and optionally switch to it.
See comments in base class.
Build a DEB package.
Perform an initial TLS handshake
Present the results as a list.
Replace a field with a new field.
Convert each TIF to PNG. Return filenames of new PNGs.
Format a station menu and make the user select a station
Returns the atom object corresponding to an atom number
Create output directories for thumbnails and original images.
Names of all state locations must be unique.
Decorate test methods with this if you don't require strict index checking
Return whether this model has a self ref FK, and the name for the field
This will output the nginx location config string for specific port spec
Allocate the spatial pooler instance.
Return a list of all non-overlapping matches of pattern in string.
Advances to and returns the next token or returns EndOfFile
Loop through all the instructions that are `_todo`.
Internal bookkeeping to handle nested classes
Given a list of list of dicts, return just the dicts.
Returns a generator yielding the named functions needed for a deployment.
Return a list of values between min and max within an interval.
Check if the current simulation is running.
Returns an estimate for the maximum amount of memory to be consumed by numpy arrays.
Convert a center-dc PSD to a twosided PSD
Returns Ext Resources.
obtain the shory geoserver version
Update metadata with the content of the files
Convert Python snake case back to mixed case.
IC steps. Use to determine gain function.
Eliminate var from all factors by summing over its values.
tweaked from source of base
Signal handler for when a registered model has been saved.
Transform from Timeddelta to numerical format
Builds the URL configuration for this resource.
rebuild the _dict index
Purge the stash from all of its keys
Goldstein-Price function
The dictionary of arguments to give to FLANN.
given an ABF, find the parent, return that line of experiments.txt
Wildcard bits to decimal conversion.
Return a list of all bluez DBus objects from the provided list of paths.
Set the given param for each of the DOFs for a joint.
Cheap function to invert a hash.
Returns list of CharsetInfo about supported orthographies
Sample a new feasible point from the point `x` in direction `delta`.
Allow to run async code before application is closed.
Put and return the only unique identifier possible, its url
Pass in an Overpass query in Overpass QL.
A hack to allow us to rename paths in a case-insensitive filesystem like HFS.
Finish those who still need to inherit.
Add an example to the list of examples, checking it first.
Retrieve all children from node 'node' with name 'name'.
Helper to read an environment variable
Provides an admin context for workers.
Set the active client.
Convert hangouts_pb2.ParticipantId to UserID.
Begins watching etcd for changes.
Verify ssl service certificate.
Returns the value of the named setting.
Add a new empty code editor to the tab widget
Merges a named option collection.
Removes all filtered Media and subdirs from an Album
parse and import the script, and then run the script's main function
runs AP detection on every sweep.
Solve a CSP by stochastic hillclimbing on the number of conflicts.
Upload to WebDAV store.
Create a directory if it does not exist.
Pop all matching tags off the port, return a valid one.
Embed hyperlinks to documentation into example code
Return the node where the ``name`` would land to
Auxiliary routine to implement tt_entails.
Read header version from data
Eigen decomposition of a zero matrix.
Converts XML tree to event generator
It's always OK to include these headers
save the existing figure. does not close it.
For various actions we need files that match patterns
Start tracking a project by creating a track
Run WsgiDAV using wsgiref.simple_server, on Python 2.5+.
Returns the meta description in the page.
Get a dictionary of CSL styles.
Add this manager's namespace to the graph.
Called when the power state changes.
Get subcollections for a specific collection
Verify sealed data signature
RETURNS filtered trace. Desn't filter it in place.
UserWarning if array contains non-finite elements
Insert hook into the repo
Lists all services in memory storage.
Gets the Classic Link details about a VPC
This functions returns a list of jobs
Remove the nodes that match the pattern.
Strips links from the definition and gathers them in a links property.
Asynchronous PUT request with the process pool.
Parse ascii post source, return dict
Deal with the first walks by joining profiles to other stops within walking distance.
Given a list of learning algorithms, have them vote.
Saves the dump in a file named `path`.
Returns all the records
Convert UTC datetime into user interface string.
execute the lines in the local file 'path'
Backup all files from the device
Return a valid zero cutoff value.
Set configuration value.
Returns whether there are uncommitted changes in the working dir.
h function is straight-line distance from a node's state to goal.
wrap the crawling functionality
Finds .DS_Store files into path
Exit with error code and message.
Instance method wrapper around compute.
Parse channel array and call the appropriate events.
Add foreground and background colours to a color scheme
Executes the json-logic with given data.
Load a keyring using the config file in the config root.
The 1D index mappings between the regular-grid and masked sparse-grid.
Add a control-number 00x for given tag with value.
Raises `InvalidTempleProjectError` if repository is not a temple project
Wraps the decorated function in a lightweight resource.
Return staff in your club.
Move a thing to a new location.
Tags the current version.
Data may be either a PIL Image object or a Numpy array.
Instantiate the generator and filename specification
Get one or more users
Extract metadata Dimension Info from an xml node
Create a client for Service Fabric APIs.
Uses mimetex to generate a GIF-image from the LaTeX equation.
Write the specified value to this characteristic.
Decimal to dotted decimal notation conversion.
Accept either strings or Gods as inputs.
save something to a pickle file
Get one or more threads
Convert GRIB to Tif
Resolve a relative url to the appropriate realm name.
Format a line in the directory list based on the file's type and other attributes.
Reads output from a process in a separate thread
Update current price info.
Draws a star.
Main loop - used internally.
Decode the stanza subelements.
Inspects differences between the last deployment and the current code state.
Subdivide list into N lists
Create a proto dataset.
returns the first 10 segments for a specific list.
Get a mapping from drugs to their list of gene.
Returns a list of all mongoadmin implementations for the site
Get the width of a bounding box encapsulating the line.
Template scheduler.yaml
Takes a multi fasta or fastq file and writes a new file that contains just one sequence, with the original sequences catted together, preserving their order
Remove unwanted logbooks from list.
Download and extract processed data and embeddings.
Yield all matching patterns for path.
Translate index info to parameter name
This handles initial setup of the `RequestHandler`.
runs quartet max-cut on a quartets file
entry point for contrast stretching
Adds all of the reactants and products of reactions to the graph.
Create a logger object.
This function returns a list of Droplet object.
Add a new data tuple to the currently buffered set of tuples
Sets file license information.
Prepare transcriptiondata from the transcription sources.
Widget Action to Close the window, triggering the quit event.
Format block by splitting on individual characters.
Data Format aware version of tf.nn.batch_normalization.
Compute sampling stats and consens trees.
Parses kwargs and evaluates any Attrib entries
Get input data of current environment
Return a dict that represents the DayOneEntry
Handle an error reported.
Write to a remote host via HTTP POST
Bot must be set before running
Parse genotype from VCF line data
Recursively updates the values in original with the values from updates.
Parses package fields.
Build a file-download event.
Get a list of kernels available
used in bootstrap resampling without a map file
Convert deposit schema to a valid record schema.
Delete all state associated with the chaos session
Plotting wrapper for labeled intervals
Update existing task on the server
Remove the quotes delimiting a docstring.
Searches elasticsearch for objects with the same address, protocol, port and state.
Here we iterate through the datasets and score them with a classifier using different encodings.
Generator which returns all keywords in the suite
Creates a overview of the hosts per range.
Returns True if the given point or rectangle falls within the bounds.
hidden wrapped function to start step 2
Create the Interchange process and connect to it.
Loads a geotiff url inside a thread and returns as an ndarray
Create a patch between tags
Return tensor for sequence length, if input is ``tf.string``.
Render enterprise-specific course track selection page.
For each kvp in config, do wildcard substitution on the values
CIJ Test Runner main entry point
Print, emphasized 'good', the given 'txt' message
Notify listeners that an instruction has been executed.
Retrieve objects that have been distributed, making them local again
Resolves VirtualEnvironments in CPENV_HOME
This reads in a textlc that is complete up to the TFA stage.
Converts collection of BindingPrediction objects to DataFrame
Receive a message from the input source and perhaps raise an Exception.
Return the title of the courserun content item.
Add a bolt to the topology
Passes the selected exercise as the first argument to func.
Checkout, update and branch from the specified branch.
Lowest value of input image.
Asserts that val is a unicode string.
Parses command strings and returns a Popen-ready list.
Get the list of vagrant base boxes
copytree that works even if folder already exists
Imports the given nmap result.
Adds outputs to a given protobuf Bolt or Spout message
Setting up and running pc with all arguments.
Return byte-size of a memoryview or buffer.
Builds a paired cluster from the refmapped data.
Identifies the group for which a node belongs to.
call the command as sps
Execute the script, within the context of the specified task
Create a fresh 160bit address
Logs a new state of an entity
Handle stanza received from the stream.
Write the fields of a single annotation to out.
Return JSON representation of object.
Inverts the layer.
submit chunks to be sorted
Register and upload a function to AWS Lambda.
This method returns a list of all Snapshots based on Droplets.
collapse outgroup in ete Tree for easier viewing
Add a final row to rows showing the total downloads
Handle the `AuthenticatedEvent`.
Given an lxml Element of a GML geometry, returns a dict in GeoJSON format.
Returns the tuple type signature for the arguments of the contract constructor.
Copy registers and written memory back into Manticore
pretty print for confusion matrixes
run the major functions for clustering within samples
Re-enable the FTDI drivers for the current platform.
Awake process if timer has expired
Policy shared context dictionary
Returns the nb quantiles for datas in a dataframe
Load certificate from a file.
Attempt to known good or tenuous source.
Dict representation of parsed VCF data
Raises OrderError if no package or file defined.
parse one document to prep for TextRank
a subfunction for summarizing results
Adds the SVG files to the archive for this BPMN file.
Create an argparse.ArgumentParser for run_mujoco.py.
option to change orientation of reads and sets Qscore to B
Add a TimeoutHandler to the pool.
recover triples from mapping.
Load word from storage
Parallelize the various runs of CGNN to evaluate a graph.
Hex encode a binary string
write triples to file.
Visualization of a default node.
Get a publication list.
Move this object to the bottom of the ordered stack.
Send UDP message.
Check end of namespace comments.
Asserts that val is numeric and is close to other within tolerance.
Determine the URL corresponding to Python object
Runs methods services have requested be run before each deployment.
Add the attachments from the message from the commandline options.
swap and then flatten axes 0 and 1
Adds a tag to the list of tags and makes sure the result list contains only unique results.
Attempt to set the virtualenv activate command, if it hasn't been specified.
normalize raw result to table
Transmit content metadata items to the integrated channel.
Draws a circle at point x0, y0 with radius r of the specified RGB color
Command used to launch this application module
Walk up a directory tree
Check if expression is True and that it can not be False with current constraints
Import external dict to internal dict
Check the chunk is free or not
Initialize the underlying map options.
Play the video asynchronously returning control immediately to the calling code
get the command to start the metrics manager processes
Delete the enterprise roles.
Send ASGI websocket messages, ensuring valid state transitions.
Save entry to JSON file
Returns list of suggested spelling corrections for the given query.
Remove namespace in the passed document in place.
Open a file, read it and return its contents.
Not so applicable for this sample
returns the fastest func given data & longbar
Handle successful response to the roster request.
Safely attempts to match a pattern or string to a request origin.
Describes recent events for an environment.
Add or remove columns from the output.
Parse the file and extract the computers, import the computers that resolve into jackal.
Parse the 'y' part in a 'from x import y' statement.
Create the challenge on the server
Add and return a creation info node to graph
Returns a state's anomaly vertor converting it from spare to dense
Power on or off the device.
Returns the distance from the center to the given node.
Colors text with code and given format
parse results from cutadapt for paired data
iterator for the most significant key phrases
Expand all list abundances to simple subject-predicate-object networks.
Add all filenames in the given list to the parser's set.
Same as `ComponentStream.connect` but assume `self.lock` is acquired.
Say something in the evening
Revert the stack, gas, pc and memory allocation so it looks like before executing the instruction
Returns a of FloatingIP object by its IP address.
return the parser for the current name
Get top centrality dictionary.
Internal pickleable function used to train objects in another process
Used to count the number of unique bases in a site for snpstring.
Close the policy instance and its shared database connection.
broadcasts a transaction to the peerslist using ark-js library
Rectangle swatch for this color.
Publish record to redis logging channel
Add new child tags.
Initializes the default values for a necessary set of MultiCountMetrics
Get cluster and nodes info.
Translates esprima syntax tree to python by delegating to appropriate translating node
Return selected log books by type.
This just uncompresses the sqlitecurve. Should be independent of OS.
Get all social newtworks profiles
Mix all values and make the query
Build a template BEL document with the given PubMed identifiers.
Apply record length checks on the given record `r`.
Wait for a Nomad job to start
Terminate the pool immediately.
Decompress and unpickle.
Create the tasks on the server
Un-fullscreen the current window
Removes the temporary value set for None attributes.
Returns the stamp certificate if it exists
Logs an error if no Copyright message appears at the top of the file.
Build the Application Default Credentials from file.
Add an Option object to the user interface.
Download each specified band and metadata.
Renders local settings for a specific database.
Register an io-handler with the glib main loop.
upload everything from localFolder into the current FTP folder.
Disconnect from the server
Convert bytes into human-readable representation.
Remove key name from bucket set.
Delete a key if it exists.
Called when descriptor value was read or updated.
Given a document, tries to detect its XML encoding.
List of position rates for linear degrees of freedom.
Subtract two IP addresses.
repeated membrane tests, likely with drug added. Maybe IPSCs.
Get the inline policies for the group.
Command line options.
Collect information from the dependent repo's
Run the management command.
Creates base directories for app, virtualenv, and nginx
Minimum and Maximum to use for computing breaks
Get current light data as dictionary with light zids as keys.
Make a factor eliminating var by summing over its values.
Return password from pipe if not on TTY, else False.
Query for segment allocations.
Check for working login data.
The 1D index mappings between the sub pixels and Voronoi pixelization pixels.
Activates an inactive organization-course relationship
Creates and returns an object of the appropriate type for ``value``.
Set the typing status of a conversation.
Return user entities based on a query.
Bump a development version.
Return `arg` appropriately parsed or mapped to a usable value.
Match text against enabled rules.
adds elements with id's not already in the model
Returns Ext Resources.
Launch minterm from pyserial
Print on-disk array sizes required for current set of parameters.
Write json data into a file
Add an observation o to the distribution.
Handle redirects properly.
Decode optional or required field.
Set up the dataTypes and initialize encoders
Parse a collection of rows.
Media defined as a dynamic property instead of an inner class.
Draws a popup rectangle with a rotating text queue.
Return the thresholded z-scored `icc`.
Renders a list of unread stored messages for the current user
return appropriate HTML determined by file extension.
Checks and validate provided input
General list function for Google APIs.
Takes a chunk of data from the store to be put into the buffer to be sent to another morango instance.
create request url for resource
pops packets with _at least_ nbytes of payload
Identify the location of an executable file.
Clips gene prefix from id.
preserve the file ending, but replace the name with a random token
Traverse the bone hierarchy and create physics joints.
Rectangle swatches for all the colors in the list.
Copy a file from one bucket into another
Plotting for an eyeball check of AP detection in the given sweep.
Return True, if URI is locked.
Place a bid on a project
Check the integrity of the datapackage.json
iterate over every sweep
Indent representation of a dict
Returns a list of the formatted volume mounts for all libs that an app uses
Succeeds if the given parser cannot consume input
Walk through the knitting pattern by expanding an row.
Return reStructuredText code block from code string
Configure any additional default transport zone bindings.
Parses a block of text indiscriminately
Encodes text, using a code which is a permutation of the alphabet.
Consume coroutines from the queue by executing them.
Convert a path part to regex syntax.
Create the image gallery
Parse the querystring into a normalized form.
Do various ${} substitutions
return the path of the last loaded ABF.
653 Free Keywords.
